What is a coronavirus?
What is COVID-19?
What are the symptoms of COVID-19?
What should I do if I have COVID-19 symptoms and when should I seek medical care?
How does COVID-19 spread?
Can COVID-19 be caught from a person who has no symptoms?
How can we protect others and ourselves if we don't know who is infected?
What should I do if I have come in close contact with someone who has COVID-19?
What does it mean to self-isolate?
What should I do if I have no symptoms, but I think I have been exposed to COVID-19? What does it mean to self-quarantine?
What is the difference between self-isolation, self-quarantine and distancing?
Can children or adolescents catch COVID-19?
What can I do to protect myself and prevent the spread of disease?
Is there a vaccine, drug or treatment for COVID-19?
Does WHO recommend wearing medical masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19?
How to properly wear a medical mask?
How long does it take after exposure to COVID-19 to develop symptoms?
What is the connection between COVID-19 and animals?
Can I catch COVID-19 from my pet?
How long does the virus survive on surfaces?
How to grocery shop safely?
How to wash fruits and vegetables?
Are antibiotics effective in preventing or treating COVID-19?
Can I catch COVID-19 from the faeces of someone with the disease?
What is a novel coronavirus?
Why is the disease being called coronavirus disease 2019, COVID-19?
How can people help stop stigma related to COVID-19?
Why do the number of cases for previous days increase?
What is the source of the virus?
How does the virus spread?
Why are we seeing a rise in cases?
Can someone who has had COVID-19 spread the illness to others?
Can I get sick with COVID-19 if it is on food?
Will warm weather stop the outbreak of COVID-19?
What is community spread?
Can mosquitoes or ticks spread the virus that causes COVID-19?
How can I help protect myself?
Does CDC recommend the use of facemask or face coverings to prevent COVID-19?
Am I at risk for COVID-19 from mail, packages, or products?
Is it okay for me to donate blood?
Should contact lens wearers take special precautions to prevent COVID-19?
Is contact lens disinfecting solution effective against COVID-19?
What is the risk of my child becoming sick with COVID-19?
Are the symptoms of COVID-19 different in children than in adults?
Should children wear masks?
How do I prepare my children in case of COVID-19 outbreak in our community?
While school’s out, can my child hang out with their friends?
While school’s out, how can I help my child continue learning?
Should I use soap and water or a hand sanitizer to protect against COVID-19?
Should I make my own hand sanitizer if I can’t find it in the stores?
What should I do if there is an outbreak in my community?
Is it possible to have the flu and COVID-19 at the same time?
Should I be tested for COVID-19?
Can a person test negative and later test positive for COVID-19?
What kind of test is being used to diagnose if I have COVID-19?
What is antibody testing? And can I be tested using this method?
If I have recovered from COVID-19, will I be immune to it?
Who is at higher risk for serious illness from COVID-19?
What should people at higher risk of serious illness with COVID-19 do?
Are people with disabilities at higher risk?
Am I at risk if I go to a funeral or visitation service for someone who died of COVID-19?
What is the difference between cleaning and disinfecting?
What is routine cleaning? How frequently should facilities be cleaned to reduce the potential spread of COVID-19?
Is cleaning alone effective against the virus that causes COVID-19?
Should outdoor playgrounds, like those at schools or in parks, be cleaned and disinfected to prevent COVID-19?
Can sanitizing tunnels be used at building entrances or exits to prevent the spread of COVID-19?
Should sidewalks and roads be disinfected to prevent COVID-19?
Can I get COVID-19 from my pets or other animals?
Do I need to get my pet tested for COVID-19?
Can animals carry the virus that causes COVID-19 on their skin or fur?
Can I walk my dog?