Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses which may cause illness in animals or humans. In humans, several coronaviruses are known to cause respiratory infections ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) and Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS). The most recently discovered coronavirus causes coronavirus disease COVID-19.`COVID-19 is the infectious disease caused by the most recently discovered coronavirus. This new virus and disease were unknown before the outbreak began in Wuhan, China, in December 2019.`The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, tiredness, and dry cough. Some patients may have aches and pains, nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat or diarrhea. These symptoms are usually mild and begin gradually. Some people become infected but don’t develop any symptoms and don't feel unwell. Most people (about 80%) recover from the disease without needing special treatment. Around 1 out of every 6 people who gets COVID-19 becomes seriously ill and develops difficulty breathing. Older people, and those with underlying medical problems like high blood pressure, heart problems or diabetes, are more likely to develop serious illness. People with fever, cough and difficulty breathing should seek medical attention.`People can catch COVID-19 from others who have the virus. The disease can spread from person to person through small droplets from the nose or mouth which are spread when a person with COVID-19 coughs or exhales. These droplets land on objects and surfaces around the person. Other people then catch COVID-19 by touching these objects or surfaces, then touching their eyes, nose or mouth. People can also catch COVID-19 if they breathe in droplets from a person with COVID-19 who coughs out or exhales droplets. This is why it is important to stay more than 1 meter (3 feet) away from a person who is sick. WHO is assessing ongoing research on the ways COVID-19 is spread and will continue to share updated findings. Can the virus that causes COVID-19 be transmitted through the air?Studies to date suggest that the virus that causes COVID-19 is mainly transmitted through contact with respiratory droplets rather than through the air. See previous answer on “How does COVID-19 spread?”Can CoVID-19 be caught from a person who has no symptoms?The main way the disease spreads is through respiratory droplets expelled by someone who is coughing. The risk of catching COVID-19 from someone with no symptoms at all is very low. However, many people with COVID-19 experience only mild symptoms. This is particularly true at the early stages of the disease. It is therefore possible to catch COVID-19 from someone who has, for example, just a mild cough and does not feel ill. WHO is assessing ongoing research on the period of transmission of COVID-19 and will continue to share updated findings. Can I catch COVID-19 from the feces of someone with the disease?The risk of catching COVID-19 from the feces of an infected person appears to be low. While initial investigations suggest the virus may be present in feces in some cases, spread through this route is not a main feature of the outbreak. WHO is assessing ongoing research on the ways COVID-19 is spread and will continue to share new findings. Because this is a risk, however, it is another reason to clean hands regularly, after using the bathroom and before eating.`Protection measures for everyoneStay aware of the latest information on the COVID-19 outbreak, available on the WHO website and through your national and local public health authority. Many countries around the world have seen cases of COVID-19 and several have seen outbreaks. Authorities in China and some other countries have succeeded in slowing or stopping their outbreaks. However, the situation is unpredictable so check regularly for the latest news.You can reduce your chances of being infected or spreading COVID-19 by taking some simple precautions:Regularly and thoroughly clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand rub or wash them with soap and water.Why? Washing your hands with soap and water or using alcohol-based hand rub kills viruses that may be on your hands.Maintain at least 1 metre (3 feet) distance between yourself and anyone who is coughing or sneezing.Why? When someone coughs or sneezes they spray small liquid droplets from their nose or mouth which may contain virus. If you are too close, you can breathe in the droplets, including the COVID-19 virus if the person coughing has the disease.Avoid touching eyes, nose and mouth.Why? Hands touch many surfaces and can pick up viruses. Once contaminated, hands can transfer the virus to your eyes, nose or mouth. From there, the virus can enter your body and can make you sick.Make sure you, and the people around you, follow good respiratory hygiene. This means covering your mouth and nose with your bent elbow or tissue when you cough or sneeze. Then dispose of the used tissue immediately.Why? Droplets spread virus. By following good respiratory hygiene you protect the people around you from viruses such as cold, flu and COVID-19.Stay home if you feel unwell. If you have a fever, cough and difficulty breathing, seek medical attention and call in advance. Follow the directions of your local health authority.Why? National and local authorities will have the most up to date information on the situation in your area. Calling in advance will allow your health care provider to quickly direct you to the right health facility. This will also protect you and help prevent spread of viruses and other infections.Keep up to date on the latest COVID-19 hotspots (cities or local areas where COVID-19 is spreading widely). If possible, avoid traveling to places – especially if you are an older person or have diabetes, heart or lung disease.Why? You have a higher chance of catching COVID-19 in one of these areas. Protection measures for persons who are in or have recently visited (past 14 days) areas where COVID-19 is spreadingFollow the guidance outlined above (Protection measures for everyone) Self-isolate by staying at home if you begin to feel unwell, even with mild symptoms such as headache, low grade fever (37.3 C or above) and slight runny nose, until you recover. If it is essential for you to have someone bring you supplies or to go out, e.g. to buy food, then wear a mask to avoid infecting other people.Why? Avoiding contact with others and visits to medical facilities will allow these facilities to operate more effectively and help protect you and others from possible COVID-19 and other viruses.If you develop fever, cough and difficulty breathing, seek medical advice promptly as this may be due to a respiratory infection or other serious condition. Call in advance and tell your provider of any recent travel or contact with travelers.Why? Calling in advance will allow your health care provider to quickly direct you to the right health facility. This will also help to prevent possible spread of COVID-19 and other viruses.`The risk depends on where you are - and more specifically, whether there is a COVID-19 outbreak unfolding there. For most people in most locations the risk of catching COVID-19 is still low. However, there are now places around the world (cities or areas) where the disease is spreading. For people living in, or visiting, these areas the risk of catching COVID-19 is higher. Governments and health authorities are taking vigorous action every time a new case of COVID-19 is identified. Be sure to comply with any local restrictions on travel, movement or large gatherings. Cooperating with disease control efforts will reduce your risk of catching or spreading COVID-19.COVID-19 outbreaks can be contained and transmission stopped, as has been shown in China and some other countries. Unfortunately, new outbreaks can emerge rapidly. It’s important to be aware of the situation where you are or intend to go. WHO publishes daily updates on the COVID-19 situation worldwide. You can see these at https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/situation-reports/`Illness due to COVID-19 infection is generally mild, especially for children and young adults. However, it can cause serious illness: about 1 in every 5 people who catch it need hospital care. It is therefore quite normal for people to worry about how the COVID-19 outbreak will affect them and their loved ones. We can channel our concerns into actions to protect ourselves, our loved ones and our communities. First and foremost among these actions is regular and thorough hand-washing and good respiratory hygiene. Secondly, keep informed and follow the advice of the local health authorities including any restrictions put in place on travel, movement and gatherings. Learn more about how to protect yourself at https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novel-coronavirus-2019/advice-for-public`While we are still learning about how COVID-2019 affects people, older persons and persons with pre-existing medical conditions (such as high blood pressure, heart disease, lung disease, cancer or diabetes) appear to develop serious illness more often than others.`No. Antibiotics do not work against viruses, they only work on bacterial infections. COVID-19 is caused by a virus, so antibiotics do not work. Antibiotics should not be used as a means of prevention or treatment of COVID-19. They should only be used as directed by a physician to treat a bacterial infection.`While some western, traditional or home remedies may provide comfort and alleviate symptoms of COVID-19, there is no evidence that current medicine can prevent or cure the disease. WHO does not recommend self-medication with any medicines, including antibiotics, as a prevention or cure for COVID-19. However, there are several ongoing clinical trials that include both western and traditional medicines. WHO will continue to provide updated information as soon as clinical findings are available.`Not yet. To date, there is no vaccine and no specific antiviral medicine to prevent or treat COVID-2019. However, those affected should receive care to relieve symptoms. People with serious illness should be hospitalized. Most patients recover thanks to supportive care. Possible vaccines and some specific drug treatments are under investigation. They are being tested through clinical trials. WHO is coordinating efforts to develop vaccines and medicines to prevent and treat COVID-19. The most effective ways to protect yourself and others against COVID-19 are to frequently clean your hands, cover your cough with the bend of elbow or tissue, and maintain a distance of at least 1 meter (3 feet) from people who are coughing or sneezing. (See Basic protective measures against the new coronavirus).`No. The virus that causes COVID-19 and the one that caused the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) in 2003 are related to each other genetically, but the diseases they cause are quite different. SARS was more deadly but much less infectious than COVID-19. There have been no outbreaks of SARS anywhere in the world since 2003.`Only wear a mask if you are ill with COVID-19 symptoms (especially coughing) or looking after someone who may have COVID-19. Disposable face mask can only be used once. If you are not ill or looking after someone who is ill then you are wasting a mask. There is a world-wide shortage of masks, so WHO urges people to use masks wisely.WHO advises rational use of medical masks to avoid unnecessary wastage of precious resources and mis-use of masks (see Advice on the use of masks). The most effective ways to protect yourself and others against COVID-19 are to frequently clean your hands, cover your cough with the bend of elbow or tissue and maintain a distance of at least 1 meter (3 feet) from people who are coughing or sneezing. See basic protective measures against the new coronavirus for more information.`Remember, a mask should only be used by health workers, care takers, and individuals with respiratory symptoms, such as fever and cough.Before touching the mask, clean hands with an alcohol-based hand rub or soap and waterTake the mask and inspect it for tears or holes.Orient which side is the top side (where the metal strip is).Ensure the proper side of the mask faces outwards (the coloured side).Place the mask to your face. Pinch the metal strip or stiff edge of the mask so it moulds to the shape of your nose.Pull down the mask’s bottom so it covers your mouth and your chin.After use, take off the mask; remove the elastic loops from behind the ears while keeping the mask away from your face and clothes, to avoid touching potentially contaminated surfaces of the mask. Discard the mask in a closed bin immediately after use.Perform hand hygiene after touching or discarding the mask – Use alcohol-based hand rub or, if visibly soiled, wash your hands with soap and water.`The “incubation period” means the time between catching the virus and beginning to have symptoms of the disease. Most estimates of the incubation period for COVID-19 range from 1-14 days, most commonly around five days. These estimates will be updated as more data become available.`Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are common in animals. Occasionally, people get infected with these viruses which may then spread to other people. For example, SARS-CoV was associated with civet cats and MERS-CoV is transmitted by dromedary camels. Possible animal sources of COVID-19 have not yet been confirmed. To protect yourself, such as when visiting live animal markets, avoid direct contact with animals and surfaces in contact with animals. Ensure good food safety practices at all times. Handle raw meat, milk or animal organs with care to avoid contamination of uncooked foods and avoid consuming raw or undercooked animal products.`We are aware of instances of animals and pets of COVID-19 patients being infected with the disease;As the intergovernmental body responsible for improving animal health worldwide, the World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) has been developing technical guidance on specialised topics related to animal health, dedicated to veterinary services and technical experts (including on testing and quarantine);There is a possibility for some animals to become infected through close contact with infected humans. Further evidence is needed to understand if animals and pets can spread the disease;Based on current evidence, human to human transmission remains the main driver;It is still too early to say whether cats could be the intermediate host in the transmission of the COVID-19.`It is not certain how long the virus that causes COVID-19 survives on surfaces, but it seems to behave like other coronaviruses. Studies suggest that coronaviruses (including preliminary information on the COVID-19 virus) may persist on surfaces for a few hours or up to several days. This may vary under different conditions (e.g. type of surface, temperature or humidity of the environment).If you think a surface may be infected, clean it with simple disinfectant to kill the virus and protect yourself and others. Clean your hands with an alcohol-based hand rub or wash them with soap and water. Avoid touching your eyes, mouth, or nose.`Yes. The likelihood of an infected person contaminating commercial goods is low and the risk of catching the virus that causes COVID-19 from a package that has been moved, travelled, and exposed to different conditions and temperature is also low.`The following measures ARE NOT effective against COVID-2019 and can be harmful:SmokingWearing multiple masksTaking antibiotics (See question 10 "Are there any medicines of therapies that can prevent or cure COVID-19?")In any case, if you have fever, cough and difficulty breathing seek medical care early to reduce the risk of developing a more severe infection and be sure to share your recent travel history with your health care provider.`Currently, the source of SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus (CoV) causing COVID-19 is unknown. All available evidence suggests that SARS-CoV-2 has a natural animal origin and is not a constructed virus. SARS-CoV-2 virus most probably has its ecological reservoir in bats. SARS-CoV-2, belongs to a group of genetically related viruses, which also include SARS-CoV and a number of other CoVs isolated from bats populations. MERS-CoV also belongs to this group, but is less closely related.`The first human cases of COVID-19 were identified in Wuhan City, China in December 2019. At this stage, it is not possible to determine precisely how humans in China were initially infected with SARS-CoV-2.However, SARS-CoV, the virus which caused the SARS outbreak in 2003, jumped from an animal reservoir (civet cats, a farmed wild animal) to humans and then spread between humans. In a similar way, it is thought that SARS-CoV-2 jumped the species barrier and initially infected humans, but more likely through an intermediate host, that is another animal species more likely to be handled by humans - this could be a domestic animal, a wild animal, or a domesticated wild animal and, as of yet, has not been identified.Until the source of this virus is identified and controlled, there is a risk of reintroduction of the virus in the human population and the risk of new outbreaks like the ones we are currently experiencing.`There is currently no evidence to confirm or disprove that COVID-19 virus can be transmitted through coins or banknotes. However, respiratory droplets expelled from an infected person can contaminate and persist on surfaces. Wash your hands regularly and thoroughly after touching any frequently-touched surface or object, including coins or banknotes. Avoid touching your eyes, mouth and nose, if your hands are not cleaned.`When grocery shopping, keep at least 1-metre distance from others and avoid touching your eyes, mouth and nose. If possible, sanitize the handles of shopping trolleys or baskets before shopping. Once home, wash your hands thoroughly and also after handling and storing your purchased products. There is currently no confirmed case of COVID-19 transmitted through food or food packaging.`Fruits and vegetables are essential components of a healthy diet. Wash them the same way you would in any other circumstance. Before handling them, wash your hands with soap and water. Then, wash fruits and vegetables thoroughly with clean water, especially if you eat them raw.`The virus that causes COVID-19 is mainly transmitted through droplets generated when an infected person coughs, sneezes, or speaks. These droplets are too heavy to hang in the air. They quickly fall on floors or surfaces. You can be infected by breathing in the virus if you are within 1 metre of a person who has COVID-19, or by touching a contaminated surface and then touching your eyes, nose or mouth before washing your hands.`A novel coronavirus is a new coronavirus that has not been previously identified. The virus causing coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), is not the same as the coronaviruses that commonly circulate among humans and cause mild illness, like the common cold.
A diagnosis with coronavirus 229E, NL63, OC43, or HKU1 is not the same as a COVID-19 diagnosis. Patients with COVID-19 will be evaluated and cared for differently than patients with common coronavirus diagnosis.`On February 11, 2020 the World Health Organization announced an official name for the disease that is causing the 2019 novel coronavirus outbreak, first identified in Wuhan China. The new name of this disease is coronavirus disease 2019, abbreviated as COVID-19. In COVID-19, ‘CO’ stands for ‘corona,’ ‘VI’ for ‘virus,’ and ‘D’ for disease. Formerly, this disease was referred to as “2019 novel coronavirus” or “2019-nCoV”.
There are many types of human coronaviruses including some that commonly cause mild upper-respiratory tract illnesses. COVID-19 is a new disease, caused be a novel (or new) coronavirus that has not previously been seen in humans. The name of this disease was selected following the World Health Organization (WHO) best practiceexternal iconexternal icon for naming of new human infectious diseases.`People in the U.S. may be worried or anxious about friends and relatives who are living in or visiting areas where COVID-19 is spreading. Some people are worried about getting the disease from these people. Fear and anxiety can lead to social stigma, for example, toward people who live in certain parts of the world, people who have traveled internationally, people who were in quarantine, or healthcare professionals.
Stigma is discrimination against an identifiable group of people, a place, or a nation. Stigma is associated with a lack of knowledge about how COVID-19 spreads, a need to blame someone, fears about disease and death, and gossip that spreads rumors and myths.
Stigma hurts everyone by creating more fear or anger toward ordinary people instead of focusing on the disease that is causing the problem.`People can fight stigma by providing social support in situations where you notice this is occurring. Stigma affects the emotional or mental health of stigmatized groups and the communities they live in. Stopping stigma is important to making communities and community members resilient. See resources on mental health and coping during COVID-19. Everyone can help stop stigma related to COVID-19 by knowing the facts and sharing them with others in your community.`CDC’s overall case numbers are validated through a confirmation process with jurisdictions. The process used for finding and confirming cases displayed by different places may differ.`CDC’s COVID-19 case numbers include many publicly reported numbers, including information from state, local, territorial, international and external partners.`Delays in reporting can cause the number of COVID-19 cases reported on previous days to increase. (Sometimes this effect is described as “backfill.”) State, local, and territorial health departments report the number of cases that have been confirmed and share these data with CDC. Since it takes time to conduct laboratory testing, cases from a previous day may be added to the daily counts a few days late.`COVID-19 is caused by a coronavirus called SARS-CoV-2. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses that are common in people and may different species of animals, including camels, cattle, cats, and bats.  Rarely, animal coronaviruses can infect people and then spread between people. This occurred with MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV, and now with the virus that causes COVID-19. More information about the source and spread of COVID-19 is available on the Situation Summary: Source and Spread of the Virus.`The virus that causes COVID-19 is thought to spread mainly from person to person, mainly through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes. These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs. Spread is more likely when people are in close contact with one another (within about 6 feet).
COVID-19 seems to be spreading easily and sustainably in the community (“community spread”) in many affected geographic areas. Community spread means people have been infected with the virus in an area, including some who are not sure how or where they became infected.
Learn what is known about the spread of newly emerged coronaviruses.`The number of cases of COVID-19 being reported in the United States is rising due to increased laboratory testing and reporting across the country. The growing number of cases in part reflects the rapid spread of COVID-19 as many U.S. states and territories experience community spread. More detailed and accurate data will allow us to better understand and track the size and scope of the outbreak and strengthen prevention and response efforts.`The virus that causes COVID-19 is spreading from person-to-person. People are thought to be most contagious when they are symptomatic (the sickest). That is why CDC recommends that these patients be isolated either in the hospital or at home (depending on how sick they are) until they are better and no longer pose a risk of infecting others. More recently the virus has also been detected in asymptomatic persons.
How long someone is actively sick can vary so the decision on when to release someone from isolation is made using a test-based or non-test-based strategy (i.e. time since illness started and time since recovery) in consultation with state and local public health officials. The decision involves considering the specifics of each situation, including disease severity, illness signs and symptoms, and the results of laboratory testing for that patient.
Learn more about CDC’s guidance on when to release someone from isolation and discharge hospitalized patients with COVID-19. For information on when someone who has been sick with COVID-19 is able to stop home isolation see Interim Guidance for Discontinuation of In-Home Isolation for Patients with COVID-19.
Someone who has been released from isolation is not considered to pose a risk of infection to others.`Quarantine means separating a person or group of people who have been exposed to a contagious disease but have not developed illness (symptoms) from others who have not been exposed, in order to prevent the possible spread of that disease. Quarantine is usually established for the incubation period of the communicable disease, which is the span of time during which people have developed illness after exposure. For COVID-19, the period of quarantine is 14 days from the last date of exposure because the incubation period for this virus is 2 to 14 days. Someone who has been released from COVID-19 quarantine is not considered a risk for spreading the virus to others because they have not developed illness during the incubation period.`Coronaviruses are generally thought to be spread from person to person through respiratory droplets. Currently, there is no evidence to support transmission of COVID-19 associated with food. Before preparing or eating food it is important to always wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds for general food safety. Throughout the day use a tissue to cover your coughing or sneezing, and wash your hands after blowing your nose, coughing or sneezing, or going to the bathroom.
It may be possible that a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object, like a packaging container, that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads.
In general, because of poor survivability of these coronaviruses on surfaces, there is likely very low risk of spread from food products or packaging.
Learn what is known about the spread of COVID-19.`Based on information about this novel coronavirus thus far, it seems unlikely that COVID-19 can be transmitted through food – additional investigation is needed.`It is not yet known whether weather and temperature affect the spread of COVID-19. Some other viruses, like those that cause the common cold and flu, spread more during cold weather months but that does not mean it is impossible to become sick with these viruses during other months.  There is much more to learn about the transmissibility, severity, and other features associated with COVID-19 and investigations are ongoing.`Community spread means people have been infected with the virus in an area, including some who are not sure how or where they became infected.`Generally coronaviruses survive for shorter periods at higher temperatures and higher humidity than in cooler or dryer environments. However, we don’t have direct data for this virus, nor do we have direct data for a temperature-based cutoff for inactivation at this point. The necessary temperature would also be based on the materials of the surface, the environment, etc. Regardless of temperature please follow CDC’s guidance for cleaning and disinfection.`At this time, CDC has no data to suggest that this new coronavirus or other similar coronaviruses are spread by mosquitoes or ticks. The main way that COVID-19 spreads is from person to person. See How Coronavirus Spreads for more information.`This is a rapidly evolving situation and the risk assessment may change daily. The latest updates are available on CDC’s Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) website.`COVID-19 case counts for the United States are updated regularly online. See the current U.S. case count of COVID-19.`Visit the COVID-19 Prevention and Treatment page to learn about how to protect yourself from respiratory illnesses, like COVID-19.`There is information for people who have had close contact with a person confirmed to have, or being evaluated for, COVID-19 available online.`In light of new data about how COVID-19 spreads, along with evidence of widespread COVID-19 illness in communities across the country, CDC recommends that people wear a cloth face covering to cover their nose and mouth in the community setting. This is an additional public health measure people should take to reduce the spread of COVID-19 in addition to (not instead of) social distancing, frequent hand cleaning and other everyday preventive actions. A cloth face covering is not intended to protect the wearer, but may prevent the spread of virus from the wearer to others. This would be especially important in the event that someone is infected but does not have symptoms. A cloth face covering should be worn whenever people must go into public settings (grocery stores, for example). Medical masks and N-95 respirators are reserved for healthcare workers and other first responders, as recommended by current CDC guidance.`There is still a lot that is unknown about COVID-19 and how it spreads. This coronaviruses is thought to be spread most often by respiratory droplets. Although the virus can survive for a short period on some surfaces, it is unlikely to be spread from products or packaging that are shipped over a period of days or weeks at ambient temperatures. Currently there is no evidence to support transmission of COVID-19 associated with imported goods and there have not been any cases of COVID-19 in the United States associated with imported goods. Information will be provided on the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) website as it becomes available.`In healthcare settings across the United States, donated blood is a lifesaving, essential part of caring for patients. The need for donated blood is constant, and blood centers are open and in urgent need of donations. CDC encourages people who are well to continue to donate blood if they are able, even if they are practicing social distancing because of COVID-19. CDC is supporting blood centers by providing recommendations that will keep donors and staff safe. Examples of these recommendations include spacing donor chairs 6 feet apart, thoroughly adhering to environmental cleaning practices, and encouraging donors to make donation appointments ahead of time.`

Currently there is no evidence to suggest contact lens wearers are more at risk for acquiring COVID-19 than eyeglass wearers.
Contact lens wearers should continue to practice safe contact lens wear and care hygiene habits to help prevent against transmission of any contact lens-related infections, such as always washing hands with soap and water before handling lenses.
People who are healthy can continue to wear and care for their contact lenses as prescribed by their eye care professional.

Find more information about how coronavirus spreads and how to protect yourself.
Visit CDC’s contact lens website for more information on healthy contact lens wear and care.`

Hydrogen peroxide-based systems for cleaning, disinfecting, and storing contact lenses should be effective against the virus that causes COVID-19.

For other disinfection methods, such as multipurpose solution and ultrasonic cleaners, there is currently not enough scientific evidence to determine efficacy against the virus.


Always use solution to disinfect your contact lenses and case to kill germs that may be present.
Handle your lenses over a surface that has been cleaned and disinfected.

Find more information about how coronavirus spreads and how to protect yourself.
Visit CDC’s contact lens website for more information on healthy contact lens wear and care.`Based on available evidence, children do not appear to be at higher risk for COVID-19 than adults. While some children and infants have been sick with COVID-19, adults make up most of the known cases to date. You can learn more about who is at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19 at People who are at higher risk for severe illness.`You can encourage your child to help stop the spread of COVID-19 by teaching them to do the same things everyone should do to stay healthy.

Avoid close contact with people who are sick.
Stay home when you are sick, except to get medical care.
Cover your coughs and sneezes with a tissue and throw the tissue in the trash.
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; going to the bathroom; and before eating or preparing food.
If soap and water are not readily available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol. Always wash hands with soap and water if hands are visibly dirty.
Clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces and objects (e.g., tables, countertops, light switches, doorknobs, and cabinet handles).
Launder items, including washable plush toys, as appropriate and in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions. If possible, launder items using the warmest appropriate water setting for the items and dry items completely. Dirty laundry from an ill person can be washed with other people’s items.

You can find additional information on preventing COVID-19 at Prevention for 2019 Novel Coronavirus and at Preventing COVID-19 Spread in Communities. Additional information on how COVID-19 is spread is available at How COVID-19 Spreads.
More information on Children and Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) is available online.`No. The symptoms of COVID-19 are similar in children and adults. However, children with confirmed COVID-19 have generally presented with mild symptoms. Reported symptoms in children include cold-like symptoms, such as fever, runny nose, and cough. Vomiting and diarrhea have also been reported. It’s not known yet whether some children may be at higher risk for severe illness, for example, children with underlying medical conditions and special healthcare needs. There is much more to be learned about how the disease impacts children.`CDC recommends that everyone 2 years and older wear a cloth face covering that covers their nose and mouth when they are out in the community. Cloth face coverings should NOT be put on babies or children younger than 2 because of the danger of suffocation. Children younger than 2 years of age are listed as an exception as well as anyone who has trouble breathing or is unconscious, incapacitated, or otherwise unable to remove the face covering without assistance.
Wearing cloth face coverings is a public health measure people should take to reduce the spread of COVID-19 in addition to (not instead of) social distancing, frequent hand cleaning ,and other everyday preventive actions. A cloth face covering is not intended to protect the wearer but may prevent the spread of virus from the wearer to others. This would be especially important if someone is infected but does not have symptoms. Medical face masks and N95 respirators are still reserved for healthcare personnel and other first responders, as recommended by current CDC guidance.`Outbreaks can be stressful for adults and children. Talk with your children about the outbreak, try to stay calm, and reassure them that they are safe. If appropriate, explain to them that most illness from COVID-19 seems to be mild. Children respond differently to stressful situations than adults. CDC offers resources to help talk with children about COVID-19.`This is a new virus and we are still learning about it, but so far, there does not seem to be a lot of illness in children. Most illness, including serious illness, is happening in adults of working age and older adults. However, children do get the virus and become ill. Many schools across the country have announced dismissals for temporary periods. Keep track of school dismissals in your community. Read or watch local media sources that report school dismissals. If schools are dismissed temporarily, use alternative childcare arrangements, if needed.
If your child/children become sick with COVID-19, notify their childcare facility or school. Talk with teachers about classroom assignments and activities they can do from home to keep up with their schoolwork.
Discourage children and teens from gathering in other public places while school is dismissed to help slow the spread of COVID-19 in the community.`

The key to slowing the spread of COVID-19 is to practice social distancing. While school is out, children should not have in-person playdates with children from other households. If children are playing outside their own homes, it is essential that they remain 6 feet from anyone who is not in their own household.
To help children maintain social connections while social distancing, help your children have supervised phone calls or video chats with their friends.
Make sure children practice everyday preventive behaviors, such as washing their hands often with soap and water. Remember, if children meet outside of school in groups, it can put everyone at risk.

Revise spring break plans if they included non-essential travel.


Information about COVID-19 in children is somewhat limited, but current data suggest children with COVID-19 may have only mild symptoms. However, they can still pass this virus onto others who may be at higher risk, including older adults and people who have serious underlying medical conditions.

`

Stay in touch with your child’s school.

Many schools are offering lessons online (virtual learning). Review assignments from the school, and help your child establish a reasonable pace for completing the work. You may need to assist your child with turning on devices, reading instructions, and typing answers.
Communicate challenges to your school. If you face technology or connectivity issues, or if your child is having a hard time completing assignments, let the school know.


Create a schedule and routine for learning at home, but remain flexible.

Have consistent bedtimes, and get up at the same time, Monday through Friday.
Structure the day for learning, free time, healthy meals and snacks, and physical activity.
Allow flexibility in the schedule—it’s okay to adapt based on your day.


Consider the needs and adjustment required for your child’s age group.

The transition to being at home will be different for preschoolers, K-5, middle school students, and high school students. Talk to your child about expectations and how they are adjusting to being at home versus at school.
Consider ways your child can stay connected with their friends without spending time in person.


Look for ways to make learning fun.

Have hands-on activities, like puzzles, painting, drawing, and making things.
Independent play can also be used in place of structured learning. Encourage children to build a fort from sheets or practice counting by stacking blocks.
Practice handwriting and grammar by writing letters to family members. This is a great way to connect and limit face-to-face contact.
Start a journal with your child to document this time and discuss the shared experience.
Use audiobooks or see if your local library is hosting virtual or live-streamed reading events.



`Check with your school on plans to continue meal services during the school dismissal. Many schools are keeping school facilities open to allow families to pick up meals or are providing grab-and-go meals at a central location.`

Watch your child for any signs of illness.

If you see any sign of illness consistent with symptoms of COVID-19, particularly fever, cough, or shortness of breath, call your healthcare provider and keep your child at home and away from others as much as possible. Follow CDC’s guidance on “What to do if you are sick.”


Watch for signs of stress in your child.

Some common changes to watch for include excessive worry or sadness, unhealthy eating or sleeping habits, and difficulty with attention and concentration. For more information, see the “For Parents” section on CDC’s website, Manage Anxiety and Stress.
Take time to talk with your child or teen about the COVID-19 outbreak. Answer questions and share facts about COVID-19 in a way that your child or teen can understand.
Go to CDC’s Helping Children Cope with Emergencies or Talking with Children About COVID-19 for more information.


Teach and reinforce everyday preventive actions.

Parents and caretakers play an important role in teaching children to wash their hands. Explain that hand washing can keep them healthy and stop the virus from spreading to others.
Be a good role model—if you wash your hands often, they’re more likely to do the same.
Make handwashing a family activity.


Help your child stay active.

Encourage your child to play outdoors—it’s great for physical and mental health. Take a walk with your child or go on a bike ride.
Use indoor activity breaks (stretch breaks, dance breaks) throughout the day to help your child stay healthy and focused.


Help your child stay socially connected.

Reach out to friends and family via phone or video chats.
Write cards or letters to family members they may not be able to visit.
Some schools and non-profits, such as the Collaborative for Academic, Social, and Emotional Learningexternal iconexternal icon and The Yale Center for Emotional Intelligenceexternal iconexternal icon, have resources for social and emotional learning. Check to see if your school has tips and guidelines to help support social and emotional needs of your child.



`Older adults and people who have serious underlying medical conditions are at highest risk of getting sick from COVID-19.

If others in your home are at particularly high risk for severe illness from COVID-19, consider extra precautions to separate your child from those people.
If you are unable to stay home with your child during school dismissals, carefully consider who might be best positioned to provide childcare. If someone at higher risk for COVID-19 will be providing care (older adult, such as a grandparent or someone with a serious underlying medical condition), limit your children’s contact with other people.
Consider postponing visits or trip to see older family members and grandparents. Connect virtually or by writing letters and sending via mail.

`Create a household plan of action to help protect your health and the health of those you care about in the event of an outbreak of COVID-19 in your community:

Talk with the people who need to be included in your plan, and discuss what to do if a COVID-19 outbreak occurs in your community.
Plan ways to care for those who might be at greater risk for serious complications, particularly older adults and those with severe chronic medical conditions like heart, lung or kidney disease.

Make sure they have access to several weeks of medications and supplies in case you need to stay home for prolonged periods of time.


Get to know your neighbors and find out if your neighborhood has a website or social media page to stay connected.
Create a list of local organizations that you and your household can contact in the event you need access to information, healthcare services, support, and resources.
Create an emergency contact list of family, friends, neighbors, carpool drivers, health care providers, teachers, employers, the local public health department, and other community resources.

`Practice everyday preventive actions to help reduce your risk of getting sick and remind everyone in your home to do the same. These actions are especially important for older adults and people who have severe chronic medical conditions:

Avoid close contact with people who are sick.
Stay home when you are sick, except to get medical care.
Cover your coughs and sneezes with a tissue and throw the tissue in the trash.
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; going to the bathroom; and before eating or preparing food.
If soap and water are not readily available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol. Always wash hands with soap and water if hands are visibly dirty.
Clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces and objects (e.g., tables, countertops, light switches, doorknobs, and cabinet handles).
Launder items, including washable plush toys, as appropriate and in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions. If possible, launder items using the warmest appropriate water setting for the items and dry items completely. Dirty laundry from an ill person can be washed with other people’s items.

`Most people who get COVID-19 will be able to recover at home. CDC has directions for people who are recovering at home and their caregivers, including:

Stay home when you are sick, except to get medical care.

When to Seek Medical AttentionIf you develop emergency warning signs for COVID-19 get medical attention immediately. Emergency warning signs include*:

Trouble breathing
Persistent pain or pressure in the chest
New confusion or inability to arouse
Bluish lips or face

*This list is not all inclusive. Please consult your medical provider for any other symptoms that are severe or concerning.
Call 911 if you have a medical emergency: Notify the operator that you have, or think you might have, COVID-19. If possible, put on a cloth face covering before medical help arrives.



Use a separate room and bathroom for sick household members (if possible).
Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; going to the bathroom; and before eating or preparing food.
If soap and water are not readily available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol. Always wash hands with soap and water if hands are visibly dirty.
Provide your sick household member with clean disposable facemasks to wear at home, if available, to help prevent spreading COVID-19 to others.
Clean the sick room and bathroom, as needed, to avoid unnecessary contact with the sick person.
Avoid sharing personal items like utensils, food, and drinks.

`Talk to the school or facility about their emergency operations plan. Understand the plan for continuing education and social services (such as student meal programs) during school dismissals. If your child attends a college or university, encourage them to learn about the school’s plan for a COVID-19 outbreak.`Plan for potential changes at your workplace. Talk to your employer about their emergency operations plan, including sick-leave policies and telework options. Learn how businesses and employers can plan for and respond to COVID-19.`Handwashing is one of the best ways to protect yourself and your family from getting sick. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds, especially after blowing your nose, coughing, or sneezing; going to the bathroom; and before eating or preparing food. If soap and water are not readily available, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol.`Clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces such as tables, doorknobs, light switches, countertops, handles, desks, phones, keyboards, toilets, faucets, and sinks.  If surfaces are dirty, clean them using detergent or soap and water prior to disinfection. To disinfect, most common EPA-registered household disinfectants will work. See CDC’s recommendations for household cleaning and disinfection.`


CDC recommends handwashing with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or, using alcohol-based hand sanitizer with at least 60% alcohol when soap and water are not available. These actions are part of everyday preventive actions individuals can take to slow the spread of respiratory diseases like COVID-19.

When washing hands, you can use plain soap or antibacterial soap. Plain soap is as effective as antibacterial soap at removing germs.
If soap and water are not readily available, you can use an FDA-approved alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol. You can tell if the sanitizer contains at least 60% alcohol by looking at the product label.

CDC does not encourage the production and use of homemade hand sanitizer products because of concerns over the correct use of the ingredientsexternal iconexternal icon and the need to work under sterile conditions to make the product. Local industries that are looking into producing hand sanitizer to fill in for commercial shortages can refer to the World Health Organization guidancepdf iconexternal iconpdf iconexternal icon. Organizations should revert to the use of commercially produced, FDA-approved product once such supplies again become available.

To be effective against killing some types of germs, hand sanitizers need to have a strength of at least 60% alcohol and be used when hands are not visibly dirty or greasy.
Do not rely on “Do It Yourself” or “DIY” recipes based solely on essential oils or formulated without correct compounding practices.
Do not use hand sanitizer to disinfect frequently touched surfaces and objects. See CDC’s information for cleaning and sanitizing your home.

See FAQs about hand hygiene for healthcare personnel responding to COVID-2019.


`During an outbreak, stay calm and put your preparedness plan to work. Follow the steps below:
Protect yourself and others.

Stay home if you are sick. Keep away from people who are sick. Limit close contact with others as much as possible (about 6 feet).

Put your household plan into action.

Stay informed about the local COVID-19 situation. Be aware of temporary school dismissals in your area, as this may affect your household’s daily routine.


Continue practicing everyday preventive actions. Cover coughs and sneezes with a tissue and wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. If soap and water are not available, use a hand sanitizer that contains 60% alcohol. Clean frequently touched surfaces and objects daily using a regular household detergent and water.
Notify your workplace as soon as possible if your regular work schedule changes. Ask to work from home or take leave if you or someone in your household gets sick with COVID-19 symptoms, or if your child’s school is dismissed temporarily. Learn how businesses and employers can plan for and respond to COVID-19.
Stay in touch with others by phone or email. If you have a chronic medical condition and live alone, ask family, friends, and health care providers to check on you during an outbreak. Stay in touch with family and friends, especially those at increased risk of developing severe illness, such as older adults and people with severe chronic medical conditions.

`Depending on the situation, public health officials may recommend community actions to reduce exposures to COVID-19, such as school dismissals. Read or watch local media sources that report school dismissals or and watch for communication from your child’s school. If schools are dismissed temporarily, discourage students and staff from gathering or socializing anywhere, like at a friend’s house, a favorite restaurant, or the local shopping mall.`Follow the advice of your local health officials. Stay home if you can. Talk to your employer to discuss working from home, taking leave if you or someone in your household gets sick with COVID-19 symptoms, or if your child’s school is dismissed temporarily. Employers should be aware that more employees may need to stay at home to care for sick children or other sick family members than is usual in case of a community outbreak.`CDC makes recommendations, shares information, and provides guidance to help slow down the spread of COVID-19 in the U.S. including guidance for schools and businesses. CDC regularly shares information and provides assistance to state, local, territorial, and tribal health authorities. These local authorities are responsible for making decisions including  “stay at home” or “shelter in place.” What is included in these orders and how they are implemented are also decided by local authorities. These decisions may also depend on many factors such as how the virus is spreading in a certain community.
Please contact your local health department to find out more.`CDC cannot address the policies of any business or organization. CDC shares recommendations based on the best available science to help people make decisions that improve their health and safety. Employers, schools, and organizations may decide to visibly screen for symptoms or perform on-site symptom checks.
If your employer, school, or organization requires you to present documentation regarding COVID-19 before returning to work or school (for example, proof of a negative COVID-19 lab test, if a test was performed, contact your healthcare provider to ask if he or she would be able to provide a form of documentation for you. Documentation of self-isolation and self-quarantine may not be possible.
CDC has guidance for when and how people with COVID-19 can discontinue home isolation: https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/if-you-are-sick/steps-when-sick.html.
CDC also has guidance for what people should do if they think they have been exposed or feel sick: https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prevent-getting-sick/social-distancing.html.
In all cases, follow the guidance of your healthcare provider and local health department. Local decisions depend on local circumstances.`Current symptoms reported for patients with COVID-19 have included mild to severe respiratory illness with fever1, cough, and difficulty breathing. Read about COVID-19 Symptoms.`Not everyone needs to be tested for COVID-19. For information about testing, see Testing for COVID-19.`The process and locations for testing vary from place to place. Contact your state, local, tribal, or territorial department for more information, or reach out to a medical provider. State and local public health departments have received tests from CDC while medical providers are getting tests developed by commercial manufacturers. While supplies of these tests are increasing, it may still be difficult to find someplace to get tested. See Testing for COVID-19 for more information.`Using the CDC-developed diagnostic test, a negative result means that the virus that causes COVID-19 was not found in the person’s sample. In the early stages of infection, it is possible the virus will not be detected.
For COVID-19, a negative test result for a sample collected while a person has symptoms likely means that the COVID-19 virus is not causing their current illness.`Many tests to diagnose COVID-19 have received an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA)external icon from the Food & Drug Administration (FDA). All of these diagnostic tests identify the virus in samples from the respiratory system, such as from nasopharyngeal swabs.
Locations and types of testing sites may vary by state or territory (see question: Where can I get tested). Check with your testing site to learn which test it uses. You can find a patient information sheet for each testexternal icon on the FDA site.
Be aware that at this time, no home tests have been authorized for use. All tests must be done at a testing site. The FDA sees the public health value in expanding testing that may include home collection, and they are actively working with test developers on this goal.`Serology testing checks a sample of a person’s blood to look for antibodies to SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. These antibodies are produced when someone has been infected, so a positive result from this test indicates that person was previously infected with the virus.
CDC is working with other federal agencies to evaluate the performance of commercially manufactured serology tests that are becoming increasingly available from healthcare providers. This evaluation is expected to be completed in late April.
We do not know yet if the antibodies that result from infection with SARS-CoV-2 can protect someone from reinfection with this virus or how long antibodies to the virus will protect someone. Scientists are conducting research to answer those questions.
Serology tests may not be able to tell you if you are currently infected because it typically takes 1 to 2 weeks to develop antibodies to SARS-CoV-2. To tell if you are currently infected, you would need a test that identifies the virus in samples from your upper respiratory system, such as a nasopharyngeal swab.`CDC and partners are investigating to determine if you can get sick with COVID-19 more than once. At this time, we are not sure if you can become re-infected. Until we know more, continue to take steps to protect yourself and others.`COVID-19 is a new disease and there is limited information regarding risk factors for severe disease. Based on currently available information and clinical expertise, older adults and people of any age who have serious underlying medical conditions might be at higher risk for severe illness from COVID-19.
Based on what we know now, those at high-risk for severe illness from COVID-19 are:

People aged 65 years and older
People who live in a nursing home or long-term care facility

People of all ages with underlying medical conditions, particularly if not well controlled, including:

People with chronic lung disease or moderate to severe asthma
People who have serious heart conditions
People who are immunocompromised

Many conditions can cause a person to be immunocompromised, including cancer treatment, smoking, bone marrow or organ transplantation, immune deficiencies, poorly controlled HIV or AIDS, and prolonged use of corticosteroids and other immune weakening medications


People with severe obesity (body mass index [BMI] ≥40)
People with diabetes
People with chronic kidney disease undergoing dialysis
People with liver disease

`If you are at higher risk of getting very sick from COVID-19, you should:

Stock up on supplies
Take everyday precautions to keep space between yourself and others
When you go out in public, keep away from others who are sick
Limit close contact and wash your hands often
Avoid crowds, cruise travel, and non-essential travel

If there is an outbreak in your community, stay home as much as possible. Watch for symptoms and emergency signs. If you get sick, stay home and call your doctor. More information on how to prepare, what to do if you get sick, and how communities and caregivers can support those at higher risk is available on People at Risk for Serious Illness from COVID-19.`This list is based on:

What we are learning from the outbreak in other countries and in the United States.
What we know about risk from other respiratory infections, like flu.

As CDC gets more information about COVID-19 cases here in the United States, we will update this list as needed.`
Currently, there is no evidence to show that taking ibuprofen or naproxen can lead to a more severe infection of COVID-19.
People with high blood pressure should take their blood pressure medications, as directed, and work with their healthcare provider to make sure that their blood pressure is as well controlled as possible. Any changes to your medications should only be made by your healthcare provider.
`Based on available information, adults aged 65 years and older and people of any age with underlying medical conditions included on this list are at higher risk for severe illness and poorer outcomes from COVID-19. CDC is collecting and analyzing data regularly and will update the list when we learn more. People with underlying medical conditions not on the list might also be at higher risk and should consult with their healthcare provider if they are concerned.
We encourage all people, regardless of risk, to:

Take steps to protect yourself and others.
Call your healthcare provider if you are sick with a fever, cough, or shortness of breath.
Follow CDC travel guidelines and the recommendations of your state and local health officials.

`Generally, well-controlled means that your condition is stable, not life-threatening, and laboratory assessments and other findings are as similar as possible to those without the health condition. You should talk with your healthcare provider if you have a question about your health or how your health condition is being managed.`Severity typically means how much impact the illness or condition has on your body’s function.  You should talk with your healthcare provider if you have a question about your health or how your health condition is being managed.`Most people with disabilities are not inherently at higher risk for becoming infected with or having severe illness from COVID-19.  Some people with physical limitations or other disabilities might be at a higher risk of infection because of their underlying medical condition.

People with certain disabilities might experience higher rates of chronic health conditions that put them at higher risk of serious illness and poorer outcomes from COVID-19. Adults with disabilities are three times more likely to have heart disease, stroke, diabetes, or cancer than adults without disabilities.

You should talk with your healthcare provider if you have a question about your health or how your health condition is being managed.`For recommendations and guidance on persons under investigation; infection control, including personal protective equipment guidance; home care and isolation; and case investigation, see Information for Healthcare Professionals. For information on specimen collection and shipment, see Information for Laboratories. For information for public health professional on COVID-19, see Information for Public Health Professionals.`There is currently no known risk associated with being in the same room at a funeral or visitation service with the body of someone who died of COVID-19.`COVID-19 is a new disease and we are still learning how it spreads. The virus that causes COVID-19 is thought to mainly spread from close contact (i.e., within about 6 feet) with a person who is currently sick with COVID-19. The virus likely spreads primarily through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes, similar to how influenza and other respiratory infections spread. These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs. This type of spread is not a concern after death.
It may be possible that a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads.
People should consider not touching the body of someone who has died of COVID-19. Older people and people of all ages with severe underlying health conditions are at higher risk of developing serious COVID-19 illness. There may be less of a chance of the virus spreading from certain types of touching, such as holding the hand or hugging after the body has been prepared for viewing. Other activities, such as kissing, washing, and shrouding should be avoided before, during, and after the body has been prepared, if possible. If washing the body or shrouding are important religious or cultural practices, families are encouraged to work with their community’s cultural and religious leaders and funeral home staff on how to reduce their exposure as much as possible. At a minimum, people conducting these activities should wear disposable gloves. If splashing of fluids is expected, additional personal protective equipment (PPE) may be required (such as disposable gown, faceshield or goggles and N-95 respirator).
Cleaning should be conducted in accordance with manufacturer’s instructions for all cleaning and disinfection products (e.g., concentration, application method and contact time). Products with EPA-approved emerging viral pathogens claimspdf iconexternal iconpdf iconexternal icon are expected to be effective against COVID-19 based on data for harder to kill viruses. After removal of PPE, perform hand hygiene by washing hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or using an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol if soap and water are not available. Soap and water should be used if the hands are visibly soiled.`A funeral or visitation service can be held for a person who has died of COVID-19. Funeral home workers should follow their routine infection prevention and control precautions when handling a decedent who died of COVID-19. If it is necessary to transfer a body to a bag, follow Standard Precautions, including additional personal protective equipment (PPE) if splashing of fluids is expected. For transporting a body after the body has been bagged, disinfect the outside of the bag with a product with EPA-approved emerging viral pathogens claimspdf iconexternal iconpdf iconexternal icon expected to be effective against COVID-19 based on data for harder to kill viruses. Follow the manufacturer’s instructions for all cleaning and disinfection products (e.g., concentration, application method and contact time, etc.). Wear disposable nitrile gloves when handling the body bag.
Embalming can be conducted. During embalming, follow Standard Precautions including the use of additional PPE if splashing is expected (e.g. disposable gown, faceshield or goggles and N95 respirator). Wear appropriate respiratory protection if any procedures will generate aerosols or if required for chemicals used in accordance with the manufacturer’s label. Wear heavy-duty gloves over nitrile disposable gloves if there is a risk of cuts, puncture wounds, or other injuries that break the skin. Additional information on how to safely conduct aerosol-generating procedures is in the CDC’s Postmortem Guidance. Cleaning should be conducted in accordance with manufacturer’s instructions. Products with EPA-approved emerging viral pathogens claimspdf iconexternal iconpdf iconexternal icon are expected to be effective against COVID-19 based on data for harder to kill viruses. Follow the manufacturer’s instructions for all cleaning and disinfection products (e.g., concentration, application method and contact time).
After cleaning and removal of PPE, perform hand hygiene by washing hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds or using an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol if soap and water is not available. Soap and water should be used if the hands are visibly soiled.
Decedents with COVID-19 can be buried or cremated, but check for any additional state and local requirements that may dictate the handling and disposition of the remains of individuals who have died of certain infectious diseases.`When a US citizen dies outside the United States, the deceased person’s next of kin or legal representative should notify US consular officials at the Department of State. Consular personnel are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, to provide assistance to US citizens for overseas emergencies. If a family member, domestic partner, or legal representative is in a different country from the deceased person, he or she should call the Department of State’s Office of Overseas Citizens Services in Washington, DC, from 8 am to 5 pm Eastern time, Monday through Friday, at 888-407-4747 (toll-free) or 202-501-4444. For emergency assistance after working hours or on weekends and holidays, call the Department of State switchboard at 202-647-4000 and ask to speak with the Overseas Citizens Services duty officer. In addition, the US embassyexternal iconexternal iconexternal icon closest to or in the country where the US citizen died can provide assistance.`CDC does not require an autopsy before the remains of a person who died overseas are returned to the United States. Depending on the circumstances surrounding the death, some countries may require an autopsy. Sources of support to the family include the local consulate or embassy, travel insurance provider, tour operator, faith-based and aid organizations, and the deceased’s employer. There likely will need to be an official identification of the body and official documents issued by the consular office.
CDC requirements for importing human remains depend upon if the body has been embalmed, cremated, or if the person died from a quarantinable communicable disease.
At this time, COVID-19 is a quarantinable communicable disease in the United States and the remains must meet the standards for importation found in 42 Code of Federal Regulations Part 71.55 and may be cleared, released, and authorized for entry into the United States only under the following conditions:

The remains are cremated; OR
The remains are properly embalmed and placed in a hermetically sealed casket; OR
The remains are accompanied by a permit issued by the CDC Director. The CDC permit (if applicable) must accompany the human remains at all times during shipment.

Permits for the importation of the remains of a person known or suspected to have died from a quarantinable communicable disease may be obtained through the CDC Division of Global Migration and Quarantine by calling the CDC Emergency Operations Center at 770-488-7100 or emailing dgmqpolicyoffice@cdc.gov.



Please see CDC’s guidance for additional information.`CDC is working with other federal partners in a whole-of-government response. This is an emerging, rapidly evolving situation and CDC will continue to provide updated information as it becomes available. CDC works 24/7 to protect people’s health. More information about CDC’s response to COVID-19 is available online.`At this time, there is no evidence that companion animals, including pets, can spread COVID-19 to people or that they might be a source of infection in the United States. To date, CDC has not received any reports of pets becoming sick with COVID-19 in the United States.
Pets have other types of coronaviruses that can make them sick, like canine and feline coronaviruses. These other coronaviruses cannot infect people and are not related to the current COVID-19 outbreak.
However, since animals can spread other diseases to people, it’s always a good idea to practice healthy habits around pets and other animals, such as washing your hands and maintaining good hygiene. For more information on the many benefits of pet ownership, as well as staying safe and healthy around animals including pets, livestock, and wildlife, visit CDC’s Healthy Pets, Healthy People website.`No. At this time, routine testing of animals for COVID-19 is not recommended.`Although we know certain bacteria and fungi can be carried on fur and hair, there is no evidence that viruses, including the virus that causes COVID-19, can spread to people from the skin, fur, or hair of pets.
However, because animals can sometimes carry other germs that can make people sick, it’s always a good idea to practice healthy habits around pets and other animals, including washing hands before and after interacting with them.`You should restrict contact with pets and other animals while you are sick with COVID-19, just like you would around other people. Although there have not been reports of pets becoming sick with COVID-19 in the United States, it is still recommended that people sick with COVID-19 limit contact with animals until more information is known about the new coronavirus. When possible, have another member of your household care for your animals while you are sick. If you are sick with COVID-19, avoid contact with your pet, including petting, snuggling, being kissed or licked, and sharing food or bedding. If you must care for your pet or be around animals while you are sick, wash your hands before and after you interact with pets and wear a cloth face covering.`We don’t know for sure which animals can be infected with the virus that causes COVID-19. CDC is aware of a very small number of pets, including dogs and cats, outside the United States reported to be infected with the virus that causes COVID-19 after close contact with people with COVID-19. A tiger at a zoo in New York has also tested positive for the virus.
Recent research shows that ferrets, cats, and golden Syrian hamsters can be experimentally infected with the virus and can spread the infection to other animals of the same species in laboratory settings. Pigs, chickens, and ducks did not become infected or spread the infection based on results from these studies. Data from one study suggested dogs are not as likely to become infected with the virus as cats and ferrets. These findings were based off a small number of animals, and do not indicate whether animals can spread infection to people.
CDC has not received any reports of pets becoming sick with COVID-19 in the United States. To date, there is no evidence that pets can spread the virus to people. Further studies are needed to understand if and how different animals may be affected by the virus that causes COVID-19.`The tiger infected with the virus that causes COVID-19 is the first case of its kind. We are still learning about this virus and how it spreads, but it appears it can spread from humans to animals in some situations. CDC is aware of a very small number of pets outside the United States, including cats, reported to be infected with the virus that causes COVID-19 after close contact with people with COVID-19.
To date, CDC has not received any reports of pets, including cats, becoming sick with COVID-19 in the United States. At this time, there is no evidence that pets, including cats and dogs, can spread COVID-19 to people. The virus that causes COVID-19 spreads mainly from person to person, typically through respiratory droplets from coughing, sneezing, or talking.
People sick with COVID-19 should isolate themselves from other people and animals, including pets, during their illness until we know more about how this virus affects animals. If you must care for your pet or be around animals while you are sick, wear a cloth face covering and wash your hands before and after you interact with pets.`Walking a dog is important for both animal and human health and well-being. Walk dogs on a leash, maintaining at least 6 feet (2 meters) from other people and animals, do not gather in groups, and stay out of crowded places and avoid mass gatherings. Do not go to dog parks or public places where a large number of people and dogs gather. To help maintain social distancing, do not let other people pet your dog when you are out for a walk. `There is a very small number of animals around the world reported to be infected with the virus that causes COVID-19 after having contact with a person with a COVID-19 infection. Talk to your veterinarian about any health concerns you have about your pets.
If your pet gets sick after contact with a person with COVID-19, do not take your pet to the veterinary clinic yourself. Call your veterinarian and let them know the pet was around a person with COVID-19. Some veterinarians may offer telemedicine consultations or other alternate plans for seeing sick pets. Your veterinarian can evaluate your pet and determine the next steps for your pet’s treatment and care.`Animals are only being tested in very rare circumstances. Routine testing of animals is not recommended at this time, and any tests done on animals are done on a case by case basis. For example, if the pet of a COVID-19 patient has a new, concerning illness with symptoms similar to those of COVID-19, the animal’s veterinarian might consult with public health and animal health officials to determine if testing is needed.`There is no reason to think that any animals, including shelter pets, in the United States, might be a source of COVID-19.`CDC does not have any evidence to suggest that imported animals or animal products pose a risk for spreading COVID-19 in the United States. This is a rapidly evolving situation and information will be updated as it becomes available. CDC, the U. S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) play distinct but complementary roles in regulating the importation of live animals and animal products into the United States.

CDC regulates animals and animal products that pose a threat to human health,
USDA regulatesexternal iconexternal icon animals and animal products that pose a threat to agriculture; and
FWS regulatesexternal iconexternal icon importation of endangered species and wildlife that can harm the health and welfare of humans, the interests of agriculture, horticulture, or forestry, and the welfare and survival of wildlife resources.

`Please refer to CDC’s requirements for bringing a dog to the United States. The current requirements for rabies vaccination apply to dogs imported from high-risk countries for rabies.`Imported animals will need to meet CDC and USDAexternal iconexternal icon requirements for entering the United States. At this time, there is no evidence that companion animals, including pets and service animals, can spread the virus that causes COVID-19. As with any animal introduced to a new environment, animals recently imported should be observed daily for signs of illness. If an animal becomes ill, the animal should be examined by a veterinarian. Call your local veterinary clinic before bringing the animal into the clinic and let them know that the animal was recently imported from another country.
This is a rapidly evolving situation and information will be updated as it becomes available.`A novel coronavirus is a new coronavirus that has not been previously identified. The virus causing coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)is not the same as the coronaviruses that commonly circulate among humans and cause mild illness, like the common cold.`Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a respiratory illness that can spread from person to person. There are many types of human coronaviruses, including some that commonly cause mild upper-respiratory tract illnesses. COVID-19 is a new disease, caused by a novel (or new) coronavirus that has not previously been seen in humans. Current symptoms reported for patients with COVID-19 have included mild to severe respiratory illness with fever, cough, and difficulty breathing.`The best way to prevent illness is to avoid being exposed to the virus. CDC recommends everyday preventive actions to help prevent the spread of respiratory diseases.
Learn how to protect yourself and others from coronavirus.
Learn more about using hand sanitizer safely.
Learn how to wash your hands to prevent the spread of coronavirus and other illnesses.`CDC recommends wearing cloth face coverings in public when other social distancing measures are difficult to maintain (e.g., grocery stores and pharmacies) especially in areas of significant community-based transmission of the coronavirus. The purpose of wearing cloth face coverings in public is to slow the spread of the virus and help people who may have the virus and do not know it from transmitting it to others.`People with COVID-19 should receive supportive care to help relieve symptoms. People with mild symptoms are able to recover at home. If you experience a medical emergency such as trouble breathing, call 911 and let the operator know you may have COVID-19. For severe illness, treatment should include care to support vital organ functions.
Currently there are no FDA-approved drugs specifically for the treatment of COVID-19. Researchers are studying new drugs, and drugs that are already approved for other health conditions, as possible treatments for COVID-19. The FDA is working with drug manufacturers, researchers, and other partners to accelerate the development process for COVID-19 treatments. CDC has more information for health care providers about these potential treatments. Never take a prescription medicine or drug if it is not prescribed for you by your doctor for your health condition.`No. Always follow the instructions on household cleaners. Do not use disinfect sprays or wipes on your skin because it may cause skin and eye irritation. Disinfectant sprays or wipes are not intended for use on humans or animals. Disinfectant sprays or wipes are intended for use on hard, non-porous surfaces.
View the current list of products that meet EPA’s criteria for use against SARS-CoV-2, the cause of COVID-19.`The best way to prevent the spread of infections and decrease the risk of getting sick is by washing your hands with plain soap and water, advises the CDC. Washing hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds is essential, especially after going to the bathroom; before eating; and after coughing, sneezing, or blowing one’s nose. If soap and water are not available, CDC recommends consumers use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.`Many retail stores and pharmacies sell hand sanitizers. However, we understand that many stores have run out of hand sanitizers and they may be difficult to find. To help increase the availability of hand sanitizers, the FDA has issued guidance for the temporary preparation of alcohol-based hand sanitizers by some companies and pharmacies during the public health emergency posed by COVID-19.
The FDA does not recommend that consumers make their own hand sanitizer. If made incorrectly, hand sanitizer can be ineffective, and there have been reports of skin burns from homemade hand sanitizer. The agency lacks verifiable information on the methods being used to prepare hand sanitizer at home and whether they are safe for use on human skin.
See the Q&A for Consumers: Hand Sanitizers and COVID-19 for more information.`Call your doctor if you experience a serious reaction to hand sanitizer. FDA encourages consumers and health care professionals to report adverse events experienced with the use of hand sanitizers to the FDA’s MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program:
Complete and submit the report online; or
Download and complete the form, then submit it via fax at 1-800-FDA-0178.
Include as much information as you can about the product that caused the reaction, including the product name, the manufacturer, and the lot number (if available).
See Safely Using Hand Sanitizer for more information.`There are currently no FDA-approved vaccines or drug products for COVID-19. You can report websites selling fraudulent medical products to the FDA through our website, by phone, or mail. Learn more...`Critical infrastructure industries, including many FDA-regulated industries such as food, drugs, and medical equipment, have a special responsibility in these times to continue operations. On March 19, 2020, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Agency (CISA) issued guidance on defining essential workers. This guidance offers an initial baseline for governments and industry to use when identifying key groups of employees during COVID-19 response. This guidance is not binding and serves as a starting point for local and state governments. View more frequently asked questions from CISA.`If you are experiencing issues with your supply chain, delivery of goods, or business continuity, please contact: CISA.CAT@cisa.dhs.gov.`Biological products include a wide range of products such as vaccines, blood and blood components, allergenics, somatic cells, gene therapy, tissues, and recombinant therapeutic proteins. Biologics can be composed of sugars, proteins, or nucleic acids or complex combinations of these substances, or may be living entities such as cells and tissues.`At this time there is no vaccine to prevent coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). The FDA is working with vaccine developers and other researchers and manufacturers to help expedite the development and availability of medical products such as vaccines, antibodies, and drugs to prevent COVID-19. Read more about what FDA is doing to mitigate the effects of COVID-19.`In general, respiratory viruses are not known to be transmitted by blood transfusion, and there have been no reported cases of transfusion-transmitted coronavirus.`In general, respiratory viruses are not known to be transmitted by blood transfusion, and there have been no reported cases of transfusion-transmitted coronavirus.`Blood donors must be healthy and feel well on the day of donation. Routine blood donor screening measures that are already in place should prevent individuals with respiratory infections from donating blood. For example, blood donors must be in good health and have a normal temperature on the day of donation.
Donors are instructed to contact the donor center if they become ill after donation, so that their blood or plasma will not be used. Even when a donor develops COVID-19 after donation, however, there have been no cases of COVID-19 linked to donor blood or products made from blood. 
FDA has provided additional information to blood establishments on its website.`At this time, the FDA does not recommend using laboratory tests to screen blood. Someone who has symptoms of COVID-19, including fever, cough, and shortness of breath, is not healthy enough to donate blood. Standard screening processes already in place will mean that someone with these symptoms will not be allowed to donate.`If you are healthy and interested in donating blood, the FDA encourages you to contact a local donation center to make an appointment. One way to make a difference during a public health emergency is to donate blood if you are able.
AABB: www.aabb.org; +1.301.907.6977
America’s Blood Centers: www.americasblood.org
American Red Cross: www.redcrossblood.org; +1.800.RED CROSS (+1.800.733.2767)
Armed Services Blood Program: www.militaryblood.dod.mil; +1.703.681.8024`Respiratory viruses, in general, are not known to be transmitted by implantation, transplantation, infusion, or transfer of human cells, tissues, or cellular or tissue-based products (HCT/Ps). The potential for transmission of COVID-19 by HCT/Ps is unknown at this time. There have been no reported cases of transmission of COVID-19 via HCT/Ps.
Routine screening measures are already in place for evaluating clinical evidence of infection in HCT/P donors. Read more…`Convalescent plasma is the liquid part of blood that is collected from patients who have recovered from the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, caused by the virus SARS-CoV-2. COVID-19 patients develop antibodies in the blood against the virus. Antibodies are proteins that might help fight the infection. Convalescent plasma is being investigated for the treatment of COVID-19 because there is no approved treatment for this disease and there is some information that suggests it might help some patients recover from COVID-19. Further investigation is still necessary to determine if convalescent plasma might shorten the duration of illness, reduce morbidity, or prevent death associated with COVID-19.`COVID-19 convalescent plasma must only be collected from recovered individuals if they are eligible to donate blood. Individuals must have had a prior diagnosis of COVID-19 documented by a laboratory test and meet other laboratory criteria. Individuals must have fully recovered from COVID-19, with complete resolution of symptoms for at least 14 days before donation of convalescent plasma. You can ask your local blood center if there are options to donate convalescent plasma in your area. FDA included contact information for blood organizations in its March 19, 2020 statement on blood donations.`At this time, there are no FDA-approved drug products to treat COVID-19. The FDA is working with drug manufacturers and investigational new drug sponsors to expedite the development and availability of COVID-19 treatments. Read more about FDA’s actions to address the novel coronavirus with medical countermeasures.
Researchers are studying new drugs and drugs that are already approved for other health conditions as possible treatments for COVID-19. CDC has more information for health care providers about these potential treatments.`No. Antibiotics do not work against viruses; they only work on bacterial infections. Antibiotics do not prevent or treat coronavirus disease (COVID-19), because COVID-19 is caused by a virus, not bacteria.Some patients with COVID-19 may also develop a bacterial infection, such as pneumonia. In that case, a health care professional may treat the bacterial infection with an antibiotic.`No. Miracle Mineral Solution does not cure COVID-19 and has not been approved by the FDA for any use. The solution, when mixed, develops into a dangerous bleach which has caused serious and potentially life-threatening side effects. For more information, see: FDA warns consumers about the dangerous and potentially life threatening side effects of Miracle Mineral Solution and Danger: Don’t Drink Miracle Mineral Solution or Similar Products.`No. Hydroxychloroquine sulfate and some versions of chloroquine phosphate are FDA-approved to treat malaria. Hydroxychloroquine sulfate is also FDA-approved to treat lupus and rheumatoid arthritis. Read more about the emergency use authorization for chloroquine phosphate and hydroxychloroquine sulfate for COVID-19.`As mentioned above, chloroquine phosphate is only approved for the treatment of malaria, and hydroxychloroquine sulfate is only approved for the treatment of malaria, lupus, and rheumatoid arthritis. Once FDA has approved a drug, healthcare providers generally may prescribe or administer the drug for an unapproved use, including in clinical settings not described in the approved labeling. This decision will be based on their assessment of the potential benefits versus the risks for their patient, recognizing that FDA has not assessed the safety or effectiveness of such use.`In the lab, these drugs have been shown to prevent the growth of the virus that causes COVID-19. There are a few reports of patients with COVID-19 who received these drugs and improved. Some are reports of groups of patients, all of whom received the drug. It is not known whether it was the drug that led to the improvement or whether there were other factors involved. We do not know if the treated patients’ condition would have improved without the drug. To know this, there would have to be a group of similar patients who did not receive the drug (control).
Because chloroquine phosphate and hydroxychloroquine may possibly help very sick patients, FDA is allowing these drugs to be provided to certain hospitalized patients under an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) issued March 28, 2020. Under the EUA, health care providers and patients are provided with information about the risks of these drugs. However, more data from clinical trials are necessary for us to determine whether chloroquine phosphate or hydroxychloroquine sulfate are safe and effective in treating or preventing COVID-19.`No. Products marketed for veterinary use, “for research only,” or otherwise not for human consumption have not been evaluated for safety or effectiveness and should never be used by humans. FDA is aware that chloroquine phosphate is marketed to treat disease in aquarium fish, but these products have not been evaluated by FDA to determine if they are safe, effective, properly manufactured, and adequately labeled. The agency continues to work with online marketplaces to remove these items, and many have been removed based on these efforts. Patients should not take any form of chloroquine unless it has been prescribed by a licensed health care provider. Chloroquine products also should not be given to pets or livestock unless prescribed by a veterinarian.`No. While there are approved uses for ivermectin in people and animals, it is not approved for the prevention or treatment of COVID-19. You should not take any medicine to treat or prevent COVID-19 unless it has been prescribed to you by your health care provider and acquired from a legitimate source.
A recently released research article described the effect of ivermectin on SARS-CoV-2 in a laboratory setting. These types of laboratory studies are commonly used at an early stage of drug development. Additional testing is needed to determine whether ivermectin might be appropriate to prevent or treat coronavirus or COVID-19. Read more about ivermectin.`We have established a cross-agency task force dedicated to closely monitoring for fraudulent COVID-19 products. We have reached out to major retailers to ask for their help in monitoring online marketplaces for fraudulent COVID-19 products. Products sold are subject to FDA investigation and potential enforcement action if they claim to prevent, diagnose, treat, or cure COVID-19 and have not demonstrated safety and effectiveness for that intended use. The task force has already worked with retailers to remove dozens of these types of product listings online.
The FDA and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issue warning letters to companies thatviolate federal law and pose significant risks to patient health by selling unapproved products with fraudulent claims to treat or prevent COVID-19. View the warning letters for more information.`The FDA has been closely monitoring the supply chain with the expectation that the COVID-19 outbreak would likely impact the medical product supply chain, including potential disruptions to supply or shortages of critical medical products in the U.S.
We have been reaching out to manufacturers as part of our approach to identifying potential disruptions or shortages. We will use all available tools to react swiftly and mitigate the impact to U.S. patients and health care professionals when a potential disruption or shortage is identified.
Find real-time information about drug shortages.
Learn more in our drug shortages frequently asked questions.`Currently, there is no evidence to support transmission of COVID-19 associated with imported goods, including food and drugs for humans and pets. There have not been any cases of COVID-19 in the United States associated with imported goods.`If you have additional questions, call FDA’s Division of Drug Information at (855) 543-3784 or email us at druginfo@fda.hhs.gov.`Yes, there are tests for COVID-19. Though there is currently no FDA-approved or cleared test for COVID-19, the FDA has issued several Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs). During public health emergencies declared under section 564 of the FD&C Act, the FDA is able to issue EUAs when certain criteria are met that allows for the use and distribution of potentially life-saving medical products to diagnose, treat, or prevent the disease, which can include diagnostic tests. For more information, please see In Vitro Diagnostic EUAs.`To be tested for COVID-19, a sample is typically collected from your nose and/or throat with a special swab at a designated collection location staffed by healthcare professionals. Currently, a healthcare professional swabbing the back of the nasal cavity through the nostril is the preferred choice. Alternatively, the healthcare professionalmay swab the back of your throat, or for patients with symptoms of COVID-19,the inside of the front of the nose. Depending on, among other things, the type of swab used, a healthcare professional may collect the sample, or you may be able to collect the sample yourself at the collection site under the supervision of healthcare personnel. Testing of the sample is performed in a laboratory on the prescription or order of a health care professional.`At this time, the FDA has not authorized any COVID-19 test to be completely used and processed at home. However, on April 20, 2020, the FDA authorized the first COVID-19 test for home collection of samples to be sent to a laboratory for processing and test reporting. Please note that this authorization is specific only to the home collection test that has been issued the authorized EUA (LabCorp’s COVID-19 RT-PCR Test). Any COVID-19 test intended for at-home testing, including self-collection of a sample at home, with or without the use of telemedicine, requires an authorized EUThe FDA sees the public health value in expanding the availability of COVID-19 testing through safe and accurate tests that may include home collection, and we are actively working with test developers in this space. You can find listings of tests that have received an authorized EUA on the Emergency Use Authorizations page.
The FDA is supportive of at-home testing for COVID-19 provided there is data and science to support consumer safety and test accuracy. We are actively working with developers in this space and will continue to authorize EUAs for tests that demonstrate appropriate validation. Home collection raises several issues of importance, including whether the sample can be safely and properly collected, whether the components of the test kit are safe for use in the home environment (since some components may be toxic), proper shipment, and stability of the sample given the time lapse between collection and testing (such as, if the sample sits in a hot truck). A physician watching the collection via telemedicine may address the issue of sample collection (if the self-collection method does not raise safety concerns), but it does not address these other issues.`The FDA is actively working with test developers and issues Emergency Use Authorizations (EUAs) frequently for EUA requests with sufficient supporting data.`There are currently two types of tests available for SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. Molecular tests detect the virus and can be used to directly diagnose COVID-19 and antibody tests detect the body’s immune response to the infection caused by the virus but cannot be used to definitively diagnose or exclude COVID-19. Currently, molecular tests are the only type of tests that can be used alone to diagnose COVID-19. Antibody tests cannot be used alone to rule out COVID-19.
Molecular Tests: “Nucleic acid amplification tests,” or “NAAT” tests are molecular tests that detect the virus’s genetic material. FDA has issued Emergency Use Authorizations (EUA) for dozens of molecular tests. Based on current data, we believe these EUA-authorized tests are highly accurate tests.
Antibody Tests: Antibody (or serology) tests detect antibodies in the blood when the body is fighting an infection. The test does not detect the actual virus; rather, it detects the body’s immune response to the virus. In the early days of an infection, antibodies may not be detected, limiting the effectiveness of an antibody test. This type of test may also be falsely positive if antibodies to a coronavirus other than the pandemic novel strain are present. Because of this potential for false negative and false positive results, an antibody test should not be used alone to diagnose COVID-19. FDA has also issued EUAs for serology tests to detect SARS-CoV-2 antibodies. More information on serology tests can be found in the Serology section of FAQs on Diagnostic Testing for SARS-CoV-2.`Antibody tests cannot be used alone to rule out COVID-19. However, they can serve an important role. Using antibody tests on many patients may help the medical community better understand the immune response in patients over time and how many people may have been infected. In the future, it is also possible that they may also be used to help determine, together with other clinical data, that some individuals are no longer susceptible to infection. In addition, these test results can aid in determining who may donate a part of their blood called convalescent plasma, which may serve as a possible treatment for those who are seriously ill from COVID-19.`No. Surgical masks and N95s need to be reserved for use by healthcare workers, first responders, and other frontline workers whose jobs put them at much greater risk of acquiring COVID-19. The cloth face coverings recommended by CDC are not surgical masks or N95 respirators. Surgical masks and N95s are critical supplies that must continue to be reserved for healthcare workers and other medical first responders, as recommended by CDC.`The FDA has been working closely with PPE and ventilator manufacturers to understand their supply capabilities during this pandemic. The agency is also aware of challenges throughout the supply chain that are presently impacting the availability of PPE products and is taking steps to mitigate shortages that health care facilities are already experiencing.
The FDA issued new guidance to give ventilator manufacturers and non-medical device manufacturers more flexibility to start making new ventilators and parts. We adjusted our screening of PPE and medical devices at U.S. ports of entry to expedite imports of legitimate products into the U.S. With CDC we took action to make more respirators, including certain N95s, available to health care personnel for use in health care settings.
The FDA encourages manufacturers and healthcare facilities to report any supply disruptions to the device shortages mailbox at deviceshortages@fda.hhs.gov.`Personal protective equipment (PPE) includes protective clothing, gowns, gloves, face shields, goggles, face masks, and respirators or other equipment designed to protect the wearer from injury or the spread of infection or illness. While it is possible to use 3D printing to make certain PPE, there are technical challenges. 3D-printed PPE may provide a physical barrier, but 3D-printed PPE are unlikely to provide the same fluid barrier and air filtration protection as FDA-cleared surgical masks and N95 respirators. The CDC has recommendations for how to optimize the supply of face masks. Find more information in the FDA guidance.`DIY ventilator makers may request that their product be added to the Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) that FDA issued on March 24, 2020, to legally market the product in the U.S. Instructions on how to do so, and the criteria for ventilator safety, performance and labeling, may be found in the Letter of Authorization and Appendix A for the EUA related to ventilators, anesthesia gas machines modified for use as ventilators, positive pressure breathing devices modified for use as ventilators, ventilator tubing connectors, and ventilator accessories.`Please contact the FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH)’s Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) for general questions and information.
If you need additional information completing the diagnostic EUA template or wish to consider use of an alternative specimen type, please contact the Division of Microbiology Devices at (301) 348-1778 or email CDRH-EUA-Templates@fda.hhs.gov.
If you have questions about the EUA for personal respiratory protective devices, including N95 respirators, please email CDRH-NonDiagnosticEUA-Templates@fda.hhs.gov.`There are no nationwide shortages of food, although in some cases the inventory of certain foods at your grocery store might be temporarily low before stores can restock. Food production and manufacturing are widely dispersed throughout the U.S. and there are currently no widespread disruptions reported in the supply chain.
FDA is closely monitoring the food supply chain for any shortages in collaboration with industry and our federal and state partners. We are in regular contact with food manufacturers and grocery stores.`There are no nationwide shortages of animal food, although in some cases the inventory of certain foods at your grocery store might be temporarily low before stores can restock. Animal food production and manufacturing are widely dispersed throughout the United States and no widespread disruptions have been reported in the supply chain.`There are steps you can take to help protect yourself, grocery store workers and other shoppers, such as wearing a face covering, practicing social distancing, and using wipes on the handles of the shopping cart or basket. Read more tips in Shopping for Food During the COVID-19 Pandemic - Information for Consumers.`There is no evidence to suggest that food produced in the United States or imported from countries affected by COVID-19 can transmit COVID-19.`Currently there is no evidence of food, food containers,or food packaging being associated with transmission of COVID-19. Like other viruses, it is possible that the virus that causes COVID-19 can survive on surfaces or objects. For that reason, it is critical to follow the 4 key steps of food safety—clean, separate, cook, and chill.
If you are concerned about contamination of food or food packaging, wash your hands after handling food packaging, after removing food from the packaging, before you prepare food for eating and before you eat. Consumers can follow CDC guidelines on frequent hand washing with soap and water for at least 20 seconds; and frequent cleaning and disinfecting of surfaces.`Currently there is no evidence of food or food packaging being associated with transmission of COVID-19. 
Unlike foodborne gastrointestinal (GI) viruses like norovirus and hepatitis A that often make people ill through contaminated food, SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19, is a virus that causes respiratory illness and not gastrointestinal illness, and foodborne exposure to this virus is not known to be a route of transmission.
It may be possible that a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads. That’s why it’s always critical to follow the 4 key steps of food safety—clean, separate, cook, and chill.`Currently there is no evidence of animal food or food packaging being associated with transmission of COVID-19.
SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19, is a virus that causes respiratory illness. Foodborne exposure to this virus is not known to be a route of transmission.`Currently, there is no evidence of food or food packaging being associated with transmission of COVID-19. However, the virus that causes COVID-19 is spreading from person-to-person in some communities in the U.S. The CDC recommends that if you are sick, stay home until you are better and no longer pose a risk of infecting others.
Anyone handling, preparing and serving food should always follow safe food handling procedures, such as washing hands and surfaces often.`CDC recommends that employees who have symptoms of acute respiratory illness stay home and not come to work until they are free of fever (100.4° F [37.8° C] or greater using an oral thermometer), signs of a fever, and any other symptoms for at least 24 hours, without the use of fever-reducing or other symptom-altering medicines (e.g. cough suppressants). Employees should notify their supervisor and stay home if they are sick. We recommend that businesses review CDC’s interim guidance for businesses and employers for planning and responding to coronavirus disease. Also see the FDA’s Retail Food Protection: Employee Health and Personal Hygiene Handbook.`CDC recommends routine cleaning of all frequently touched surfaces in the workplace, such as workstations, countertops, and doorknobs. Use the cleaning agents that are usually used in these areas and follow the directions on the label. CDC does not recommend any additional disinfection beyond routine cleaning at this time.
View the current list of products that meet EPA’s criteria for use against SARS-CoV-2, the cause of COVID-19.
Restaurants and retail food establishments are regulated at the state and local level. State, local, and tribal regulators use the Food Code published by the FDA to develop or update their own food safety rules. Generally, FDA-regulated food manufacturers are required to maintain clean facilities, including, as appropriate, clean and sanitized food contact surfaces, and to have food safety plans in place.  Food safety plans include a hazards analysis and risk-based preventive controls and include procedures for maintaining clean and sanitized facilities and food contact surfaces. See: FSMA Final Rule for Preventive Controls for Human Food.`There is currently no evidence that animals are a source of COVID-19 infection in the United States.`Certain private, state, and university veterinary diagnostic laboratories have developed diagnostic tests for SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, for use in dogs and cats. The decision to test pets should be made collaboratively between local, state, or federal public and animal health officials.
Although FDA approval is not required prior to such tests being made commercially available for use in animals, the FDA is aware of at least two private diagnostic laboratories that have developed COVID-19 tests for pets. While FDA has not formally evaluated these tests, the agency has been in contact with these laboratories to gather information about their development and validation.`Routine testing of pets for COVID-19 is not recommended at this time. There is currently no evidence that animals are a source of COVID-19 infection in the United States.
The decision to test individual pets in certain circumstances would include consultation between the involved veterinarian and appropriate local, state, and federal public health and animal health officials. At this time, testing for COVID-19 would be focused on situations involving clinically ill pets, who have had close contact with a COVID-19-positive person and where other, more-likely diagnoses have been ruled out with appropriate diagnostic testing.`We currently don’t fully understand how COVID-19 affects different animal species. We are aware of a very small number of pets, including dogs and cats, outside the United States reported to be infected with the virus that causes COVID-19 after close contact with people with COVID-19. A tiger at a zoo in New York has also tested positive for the virus; it is the first confirmed case of COVID-19 infection in an animal in the United States. 
Recent research shows that ferrets, cats, and golden Syrian hamsters can be experimentally infected with the virus and can spread the infection to other animals of the same species in laboratory settings. Pigs, chickens, and ducks did not become infected or spread the infection based on results from these studies. Data from one study suggest that dogs are not as likely to become infected with the virus as cats and ferrets. These findings were based upon a small number of animals and do not indicate whether animals can spread infection to people.`The tiger infected with the virus that causes COVID-19 is the first case of its kind. We are still learning about this virus and how it spreads, but it appears it can spread from humans to animals in some situations. FDA is aware of a very small number of pets outside the United States, including cats, reported to be infected with the virus that causes COVID-19 after close contact with people with COVID-19.
At this time, there is no evidence that pets, including cats and dogs, can spread COVID-19 to people. The virus that causes COVID-19 spreads mainly from person to person, typically through respiratory droplets from coughing, sneezing, or talking.
People sick with COVID-19 should isolate themselves from other people and animals, including pets, during their illness until we know more about how this virus affects animals. If you must care for your pet or be around animals while you are sick, wear a cloth face covering and wash your hands before and after you interact with pets.`In the face of limited resources, animals are only being tested in very rare circumstances when it is necessary. Any decisions to test animals are made on a case-by-case basis by the state veterinarian in close consultation with the animal’s veterinarian. For example, if the pet of a COVID-19 patient has a new, concerning illness with symptoms similar to those of COVID-19, has exposure, and other diseases have been ruled out, the animal’s veterinarian might consult with public health and animal health officials to determine if testing is needed.
While the animal and human tests are generally similar, this type of testing has to be adjusted in each species and for each sample type (blood, feces, nasal swab). The state and university laboratory animal tests were intentionally developed to use alternative testing supplies, where possible, to limit placing additional stresses on human testing resources, while also recognizing the potential importance of animal testing to supporting human and animal health.`Although we know certain bacteria and fungi can be carried on fur and hair, there is no evidence that viruses, including the virus that causes COVID-19, can spread to people from the skin, fur, or hair of pets.
However, because animals can sometimes carry other germs that can make people sick, it’s always a good idea to practice healthy habits around pets and other animals, including washing hands before and after interacting with them and especially after cleaning up their waste.`No. Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic (FD&C) Act, “articles intended for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease in man or other animals” are drugs. The FDA has not approved any drugs for the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of COVID-19 in animals.The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) Center for Veterinary Biologics (CVB) regulates veterinary biologics, including vaccines, diagnostic kits, and other products of biological origin. Similarly, APHIS CVB has not licensed any products to treat or prevent COVID-19 in animals.
The FDA has taken action against unapproved products claiming to prevent or cure COVID-19. The public can help safeguard human and animal health by reporting any products claiming to do so to FDA-COVID-19-Fraudulent-Products@fda.hhs.gov or 1-888-INFO-FDA (1-888-463-6332).`Yes. Coronaviruses are a large family of viruses. Some coronaviruses like COVID-19 cause cold-like illnesses in people, while others cause illness in certain types of animals, such as cattle, camels, and bats. Some coronaviruses, such as canine and feline coronaviruses, only infect animals and do not infect humans. For example, bovine coronavirus causes diarrhea in young calves, and pregnant cows are routinely vaccinated to help prevent infection in calves. This vaccine is only licensed for use in cattle for bovine coronavirus and is not licensed to prevent COVID-19 in cattle or other species, including humans.
Dogs can get a respiratory coronavirus, which is part of the complex of viruses and bacteria associated with canine infectious respiratory disease, commonly known as “kennel cough.” While this virus is highly contagious among both domestic and wild dogs, it is not transmitted to other animal species or humans.
Most strains of feline enteric coronavirus, a gastrointestinal form, are fought off by a cat’s immune system without causing disease. However, in a small proportion of these cats, the virus can cause feline infectious peritonitis (FIP), a disease that is almost always fatal.
Other species, like horses, turkeys, chickens, and swine, can contract their own species-specific strains of coronavirus but, like the other strains mentioned above, they are not known to be transmissible to humans. More information is available in the American Veterinary Medical Association’s fact sheet about coronaviruses in domestic species.`There are no data to suggest that current or previous infection with another strain of coronavirus would make your pet more or less likely to get COVID-19.`Species-specific coronavirus vaccines are unlikely to work against this type of coronavirus because it is a new virus that is different from the species-specific strains of coronavirus targeted by the vaccine.`While you should not avoid necessary visits to your veterinarian due to the COVID-19 outbreak, you should exercise reasonable caution just like you would if you were going to any other public place. If you are concerned about your own health or that of your pet when going to the veterinarian, contact their office in advance to discuss any recommended precautions.`There is no reason to think that any animals, including shelter or rescue pets, in the United States, might be a source of COVID-19.`The FDA has been and is continuing to closely monitor how the COVID-19 outbreak may impact the animal medical product supply chain.
We have been reaching out to manufacturers as part of our approach to identifying potential disruptions or shortages. We will use all available tools to react swiftly to help mitigate the impact if a potential disruption or shortage is identified.
Learn more on our Animal Drug Shortage Information page.`The virus can spread between people interacting in close proximity—for example, speaking, coughing, or sneezing—even if those people are not exhibiting symptoms. In light of this evidence, CDC recommends wearing cloth face coverings in public settings where other social distancing measures are difficult to maintain (for example, grocery stores and pharmacies) especially in areas of significant community-based transmission. people who are ill with a respiratory disease can wear a mask to prevent spreading the illness to others.`There are no studies supporting the effectiveness of homemade hand sanitizer blend in killing the new coronavirus on people’s hands. Experts agree that the best method for cleaning hands is washing for at least 20 seconds with soap and water.`There is no evidence at present that items imported from affected areas and shipped or mailed over the course of days or weeks are spreading COVID-19. Although the new coronavirus weakens and dies over time outside of the human body, studies suggest that it can live on surfaces for a few hours or up to several days, depending on surface, temperature and other environmental factors. For instance, a small amount of the new coronavirus is still detectable on plastic surfaces for up to three days, on stainless steel for up to two days and up to one day on cardboard, but it’s at less than 0.1% of the starting virus material.`According to theFood and Drug Administration (FDA),there have not been any cases of COVID-19 known to be caused from eating food or handling food packaging.`It’s best not to make unnecessary trips, but if you need to go to a grocery store, it’s important to maintain social and physical distancing as you shop, and to clean your hands often while shopping and as soon as you get home.`As the new coronavirus is spreading, be cautious about all possible exposures, including at the gym or fitness center. The virus isn’t spread through perspiration (sweat), but items touched by many people (barbells, etc.) could pose a risk. In order to practice social and physical distancing during the COVID-19 pandemic, it is best to avoid public places at this time.`At this time, social and physical distancing are important to follow, so overall, travel is discouraged. Outbreaks of the new coronavirus and COVID-19, the disease it causes, are occurring in the United States and in countries around the world. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) hasupdated travel informationon a range of destinations.`There is no evidence that, under natural conditions, domestic animals including dogs, cats and livestock, can become sick with and spread the coronavirus that causes COVID-19.`At present, there is no vaccine for this new coronavirus as there is for many forms of the flu. No one has immunity from the new coronavirus, because it’s new to human beings. The new coronavirus is contagious, and can cause severe disease, even death.`Right now, it appears that COVID-19, the disease caused by the new coronavirus, causes more cases of severe disease and more deaths than the seasonal flu. People over age 85 have the highest risk of fatality and children under 19, the lowest, but this could change as more people are tested and trends become clearer. If, over time, widespread testing reveals more mild, non-fatal cases of COVID-19, the death rate will go down.`Several countries currently affected by the new coronavirus outbreak are experiencing summer weather. Some viral illnesses, like the flu, seem to be less common in warmer months, but it is still possible to catch them during that time. Investigations are exploring the effects of temperature and weather on the spread of this new coronavirus.`Corona means “crown,” and coronaviruses have a “crown” of protruding points on their surface that give them a characteristic appearance when seen under a microscope. Coronaviruses are a whole family of viruses; there are many.`There are many different kinds of coronavirus. Some only affect animals. Some have been circulating among human beings for years, causing mild colds. Others have caused small, severe human disease outbreaks in the past, such as the coronaviruses that caused SARS in 2003 and MERS in 2012. The new coronavirus is different from these, and was only identified in December 2019.`Doctors say it's not realistic to test all 328 million people in the US, especially since many states are still struggling to get enough tests or testing supplies.
So in order for the economy to reopen and stay open, the US will need to triple its number of tests performed every day ' from 150,000 tests a day to at least 500,000, three Harvard researchers found.
And the proportion of test results that come back positive needs to be much lower. About 20% of US test results have been positive, which is 'clearly way too high,' said Dr. Thomas Tsai, one of the Harvard researchers. 
The World Health Organization said an adequate range of positive test results would be 3% to 12%. Germany and South Korea have already met that goal, Tsai said.`'I don't think you need to,' CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said. 
Coronavirus can stay alive for up to three days on stainless steel and plastic. But clothing 'is probably more like cardboard ' it's more absorbent, so the virus is unlikely to stay and last that long,' Gupta said. 
While covonravirus can stay alive on cardboard for up to 24 hours, viruses generally don't stick well on surfaces that are in motion. 
'If you look at how viruses move through air, they kind of want to move around objects,' Gupta said. 'They don't want to necessarily land on objects. So if you're moving as human body through the air '¦ (it's) unlikely to stick to your clothes.'`It's easy for asymptomatic people to spread coronavirus, said Dr. Anne Rimoin, an epidemiology professor at UCLA's School of Public Health.
'When you speak, sometimes you'll spit a little bit,' she said. 'You'll rub your nose. You'll touch your mouth. You'll rub your eyes. And then you'll touch other surfaces, and then you will be spreading virus if you are infected and shedding asymptomatically.'`'There is no evidence that COVID-19 can be spread to humans through the use of pools and hot tubs,' the CDC says. 
'Proper operation, maintenance, and disinfection (e.g., with chlorine and bromine) of pools and hot tubs should remove or inactivate the virus that causes COVID-19.'
But health officials still advise staying at least 6 feet away from others because COVID-19 is a respiratory disease. In other words, you probably won't get coronavirus from the water, but you could get coronavirus from someone close to you in the water. 
As for drinking water, doctors say you don't need to worry about coronavirus in the tap water because most municipal drinking water systems should remove or inactivate the virus.`'Viruses can live on surfaces and objects ' including on money ' although your chance of actually getting COVID-19 from cash is probably very low,' emergency room physician Dr. Leana Wen said.
The new coronavirus can live for up to 72 hours on stainless steel and plastic, up to 24 hours after landing on cardboard, and up to four hours after landing on copper, according to a study funded by the US National Institutes of Health. 
So how do you protect yourself? Use contactless methods of payment whenever possible, Wen said.
If you can't use a contactless form of payment, credit cards and debit cards are much easier to clean and disinfect than cash. But remember that anyone who touches your credit card can also leave germs on it.
If you must use cash, 'wash your hands well with soap and water' afterward, Wen said. And since this is a respiratory virus, make sure you avoid touching your face.`Not necessarily. Antibodies are a body's response to bacteria or viruses. But this novel coronavirus is so new, it's still not clear whether having antibodies to it means you have long-term protection from getting reinfected. 
'The thing we don't know yet is what is the relationship between the level of antibody and the degree of your protection,' Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told Snapchat's 'Good Luck America' show. 
'So you may be positive for an antibody, but not enough to protect you.' 
There's also a risk that some antibody tests might confuse the novel coronavirus with other coronaviruses, like the ones that cause the common cold.`In some cases, a vaccine might give stronger protection than antibodies produced after being infected, epidemiologist Dr. Larry Brilliant said. 
'There are actually six other coronavirus ' MERS and SARS and four other viruses that create the common cold. They don't seem to do very well at creating long-term immunity,' Brilliant said. 
'But we need to find out whether we can create a vaccine that creates more immunity [to the novel coronavirus] than the disease does. And that's not so wild. Many of the vaccines that we've made in history are actually stronger than the virus is itself at creating immunity.'`'May 1st, I think, is completely unrealistic,' said Dr. Ashish Jha, director of the Harvard Global Health Institute. 
'We all want to open up as soon as it's safe to do so. But that's the key part ' as soon as it is safe to do so.'
Some states enacted social distancing rules later than others. So 'we're going to see states like Florida '¦ peaking, I think, much farther down the line,' Jha said.
But even California ' one of the earliest states to enact a shelter-in-place order ' might not be ready by May 1, said Dr. Anish Mahajan, chief medical officer at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center. 
'May 1 would seem premature to lift the stay-at-home orders,' the Southern California doctor said. 'Local modeling, regional modeling suggest that if we were to lift the stay-at-home orders at this stage, we would again see a resurgence of infections at a high rate.'
The US might have to practice intermittent social distancing measures until 2022 if a vaccine isn't publicly available by then, researchers at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health said. 
Some states have formed coalitions to plan for when to lift stay-at-home orders.`'With this respiratory virus, (as) with other coronaviruses, no,' said Dr. Maria Van Kerkhove, technical lead for the World Health Organization's Covid-19 response.
'All of us are susceptible to this virus,' she said. 'It's a new virus, which means we haven't had a chance to build immunity.'`Please don't. The CDC advises using hand sanitizer that contains at least 60% alcohol.
Vodka typically contains between 35% and 46% percent alcohol.
If the stores are out of hand sanitizer and you want to make your own, the Nebraska Medical Center offers this recipe:
What you'll need:

2/3 cup 91% isopropyl alcohol (rubbing alcohol)
1/3 cup aloe vera gel
Mixing bowl
Spoon or something for whisking
Small container, such as a 3-oz. travel bottle
Optional: essential oil to give your hand sanitizer a fragrance

Directions:In a mixing bowl, stir isopropyl alcohol and aloe vera gel together until well blended.Add 8-10 drops of scented essential oil (optional, but nice). Stir.Pour the homemade hand sanitizer into an empty container and seal. Write 'hand sanitizer' on a piece of masking tape and attach to the bottle.`This is not a good time to be vaping or smoking anything, including weed. 
'Vaping affects your lungs at every level. It affects the immune function in your nasal cavity by affecting cilia, which push foreign things out,' said Prof. Stanton Glantz, director of the Center for Tobacco Research Control and Education at University of California San Francisco.
When you vape, 'the ability of your upper airways to clear viruses is compromised,' Glantz said.
Tobacco smokers are at especially high risk. In a study from China, where the first Covid-19 outbreak occurred, smokers were 14 times more likely to develop severe complications than non-smokers.
Even occasionally smoking marijuana can put you at greater risk.
'What happens to your airways when you smoke cannabis is that it causes some degree of inflammation, very similar to bronchitis, very similar to the type of inflammation that cigarette smoking can cause,' said pulmonologist Dr. Albert Rizzo, chief medical officer for the American Lung Association.
'Now you have some airway inflammation, and you get an infection on top of it. So yes, your chance of getting more complications is there.'`There's no evidence that coronavirus can be transmitted through food, the CDC says. 
Even if coronavirus does get into your food, your stomach acid would kill it, said Dr. Angela Rasmussen, a virologist at Columbia University.
'When you eat any kind of food, whether it be hot or cold, that food is going to go straight down into your stomach, where there's a high acidity, low-pH environment that will inactivate the virus,' she said.
But it's a good idea to disinfect the takeout containers, CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said. Coronavirus is a respiratory virus, and it's easy to touch your face without realizing it.
If you don't have disinfecting wipes, use your own plates or bowls to serve the food. Just make sure to wash your hands after transferring food from the containers.`Yes, taking a break from contacts can help. 
Contact lens users not only touch their eyes multiple times a day, they also touch their face much more often than people who don't wear contacts, said Dr. Thomas Steinemann, clinical spokesman for the American Academy of Ophthalmology.
Glasses may also provide a bit more protection from coronavirus particles floating in the air, Steinemann said. But if you get infected with coronavirus, it's still more likely that you'd be infected via your mouth and nose than through your eye.
If you want to continue wearing contacts, make sure you wash your hands the right way and disinfect your lenses.`Coronavirus isn't just infecting young people. It's killing young, healthy people as well. 
We've reported many stories about young people getting severely sick with or dying from coronavirus.
Dimitri Mitchell, 18, admits he had a 'false sense of security.' But he was later hospitalized with coronavirus and now wants everyone to take it seriously. 
'I just want to make sure everybody knows that no matter what their age is, it can seriously affect them. And it can seriously mess them up, like it messed me up,' the Iowa teen said. 
He started feeling sick on St. Patrick's Day, with just a small cough. 'I thought at first it was just a normal cold. And then it started progressively getting worse,' he said. 
'Four days in, the really bad symptoms started coming along. I started having really bad outbreaks, like sweating, and my eyes were really watery. I was getting warmer and warmer, and I was super fatigued. '¦ I would start experiencing the worst headaches I've ever felt in my life. They were absolutely horrible.'
Eventually, the teen had to be hospitalized. His mother said she worried he might 'fall asleep and never wake up.' 
Mitchell is now recovering, but still has a cough almost a month later. 
'I just hope everybody's responsible, because it's nothing to joke about,' he said. 'It's a real problem, and I want everybody to make sure they're following social distancing guidelines and the group limits. And just listen to all the rules and precautions and stay up to date with the news and make sure they're informed.'`No. That's just a hoax going around the internet.
'The theory that 5G might compromise the immune system and thus enable people to get sick from corona is based on nothing,' said Eric van Rongen, chairman of the International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP). 
Learn more about how 5G really works and why this hoax makes no sense.`Ideally, you should limit your children's potential exposures to coronavirus and work out the safest plan possible with your ex. 
The problem: Most state and county family courts are closed, or open only for emergencies involving abuse or endangerment. So if parents wanted to formally modify pre-existing custody agreements, they can't.
But some states may be offering some flexibility during the pandemic. And there may be creative solutions, such as spending more time with one parent now in exchange for extra time with the other parent after the pandemic ends.`Up to three days, depending on the surface. According to a study funded by the US National Institutes of Health:

The novel coronavirus is viable up to 72 hours after being placed on stainless steel and plastic.
It was viable up to four hours after being placed on copper, and up to 24 hours after being put on cardboard.
In aerosols, it was viable for three hours.`It's too early to know for sure. But other coronaviruses, like ones that cause the common cold, might give us clues. 
With 'common cold coronaviruses, you don't actually have immunity that lasts for very long, and so we don't know the answer with this specific coronavirus,' said Dr. Celine Gounder, a professor of medicine and infectious diseases at the New York University School of Medicine.
'That's actually going to be one of the challenges with designing a vaccine is how do you actually cause the immunity to last long enough to protect you.'`Some cases of coronavirus do lead to pneumonia. But the pneumonia vaccine won't help.
'Vaccines against pneumonia, such as pneumococcal vaccine and Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine, only help protect people from these specific bacterial infections,' according to Harvard Medical School.
'They do not protect against any coronavirus pneumonia.'
The flu shot does not protect against coronavirus. But it does help protect against a massive, unnecessary burden on hospitals already overwhelmed with coronavirus.
The CDC estimates about 140,000 to 810,000 people are hospitalized with the flu every year in the US. And about half of Americans don't get vaccinated ' including most children who die from the flu.`The CDC recently changed its guidance on wearing face masks as more studies about asymptomatic spread pile up.
Now, the CDC 'recommends wearing cloth face coverings in public settings where other social distancing measures are difficult to maintain (e.g., grocery stores and pharmacies).'
But there are several important caveats and key points: 

The public should NOT buy surgical masks or N95 respirator masks. Those are desperately needed by health care workers who are in close contact with coronavirus patients every day. 
Instead, make your own cloth mask ' it's easy, and you don't have to sew. US Surgeon General Jerome Adams shows how to make face masks with just a T-shirt and rubber bands in this CDC video. You can also use a bandana and a coffee filter. 
Don't be fooled: The main benefit of wearing masks in public isn't to protect you from getting sick. Rather, it's to protect others from yourself if you're sick or you're an asymptomatic carrier. 'This is more for people who might be infected and don't know it, and to try and lower the likelihood that they will spread this to somebody else,' CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said. The CDC agreed.
You can definitely still get coronavirus even if you wear a mask. The virus can stay alive on surfaces for up to 3 days, and it's easy to touch your face whenever you're not wearing a mask. Also, people often adjust face masks frequently, leading to more touching of the face ' a common way that coronavirus spreads.
It's important to wash your cloth mask after every use. Here's how. 
Wearing cloth masks is just 'an additional, voluntary public health measure,' the CDC said. To protect yourself from getting coronavirus, it's critical to stay 6 feet away from others, wash your hands frequently for at least 20 seconds each time, and stop touching your face.`Probably for several months. But you might have to do it 'over and over again,' since the outbreak could come in waves.
Research by the Imperial College in Great Britain 'would suggest you have to institute these kinds of measures for five months, very vigorously,' said Dr. Celine Gounder, an infectious disease specialist at Bellevue Hospital Center. 
'And then you may be able to relax for a period. And then you would re-institute as the cases go up again. But we're basically looking at doing this over and over and over again, even after a five-month period of strict social distancing, in order to curb cases until we have a vaccine.'
Health officials say we're at least a year away from the first publicly available coronavirus vaccine.`Many health care workers don't actually have enough protective gear to handle the growing influx of coronavirus patients. 
Some have resorted to using plastic report covers as masks. The CDC said medical providers might have to use expired masks or reuse them between multiple patients. (This shortage is why the general public should not buy medical masks and instead make cloth masks at home.)
But it's not just subpar protective gear that puts medical workers at risk. It's also the amount of virus they're exposed to. 
'The viral load ' the amount of virus ' does determine the severity of your illness,' emergency room physician Dr. Leana Wen said. 'So that could happen in the case of health care workers who are exposed to a lot more Covid-19 as a result of their work ' that they get more severely ill.'`'There is a delay because the way it goes, you have people who get exposed; they get infected; the number of new infections, hospitalizations, critical care and deaths (follow),' said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. 
'So even when you suppress or stabilize the number of new infections, it's still going to take a while before you see a decrease in hospitalizations, a decrease in intensive care, and a decrease in deaths. And in fact, deaths are the last thing that lag. So you could be doing well (with mitigation measures) and still see the deaths go up.'`Yes. Testing positive for either the flu or coronavirus doesn't exempt you from having the other at the same time. 
The flu and coronavirus share some common symptoms, such as fever and cough.
But many coronavirus patients suffer from shortness of breath, and some people with coronavirus lose their senses of taste or smell. But it's important to note many people with coronavirus ' possibly up to 50% ' have no symptoms at all.
Learn more about the differences between flu, coronavirus and allergy symptoms here.`'There have been no reports of pets or livestock becoming ill with COVID-19 in the United States, and only four reported cases in the world of dogs and cats testing positive for the virus,' the American Veterinary Medical Association said April 5.
'At this point in time, there is no evidence that domestic animals, including pets and livestock, can spread COVID-19 to people.'
That statement came after the Bronx Zoo said a tiger was infected by a zoo employee who was 'asymptomatically infected with the virus.' The zoo had been closed to the public since March 16.
The AVMA said 'out of an abundance of caution, and until more is known about this virus, you should restrict contact with pets and other animals while you are sick with COVID-19.'
'If you have a service animal or you must care for your animals, including pets, wear a cloth facemask; don't share food, kiss, or hug them; and wash your hands before and after any contact with them,' the veterinary association said.
'If you are not ill with COVID-19, you can interact with your pet as you normally would, including walking, feeding, and playing. You should continue to practice good hygiene during those interactions,' including washing your hands before and after touching your pet.`'We really should be,' said Dr. Anthony Fauci, a member of the White House Coronavirus Task Force. 
'If you look at what's going on across the country, I just don't understand why we're not doing that.'
President Donald Trump has declined to give a nationwide stay-at-home order.
More than 40 states have stay-at-home orders, which generally allow exceptions for grocery shopping, helping a sick loved one or getting outdoor exercise away from other people.
But even states with fewer cases of coronavirus need to be on high alert, Fauci said. 
'If you just look at those (places) and say, 'There are very little infections in this area or that area, we don't have to worry about it,' you're making a big mistake,' he said. 'Those are tinders that can turn into big fires.'`In one study, about 4 in 5 people with confirmed coronavirus in China were likely infected by people who didn't know they had it, according to research published in the journal 'Science.'
'These findings explain the rapid geographic spread of (coronavirus) and indicate containment of this virus will be particularly challenging,' researchers wrote.
In mid-March, the CDC said almost half of the 712 people with coronavirus who were on the Diamond Princess cruise ship didn't have any symptoms when they tested positive.
And recent studies suggest 25% to 50% of coronavirus carriers don't have symptoms.
In the US, 'I think it could be as many as 1 in 3 walking around asymptomatic,' said New Jersey primary care physician Dr. Alex Salerno.
'We have tested some patients that have known exposure to COVID (coronavirus disease). They did not have temperature. Their pulse/(oxygen) was OK.'
Aside from social distancing and frequent hand washing, Salerno said more testing of people without symptoms is essential.
When asymptomatic carriers test positive, 'we isolate them, and we separate them from the people who are not positive,' Salerno said. If more asymptomatic people got tested, 'we could get people back to work safely.'
But there haven't been nearly enough tests in the US for everyone who wants one, due to shortages, delays and faulty test kits.`No. 'To date there has been no information nor evidence to suggest that the new coronavirus could be transmitted by mosquitoes,' the World Health Organization says. 
'The new coronavirus is a respiratory virus which spreads primarily through droplets generated when an infected person coughs or sneezes, or through droplets of saliva or discharge from the nose.'`The novel coronavirus is dangerous for several reasons, even if the number of deaths might not have matched that of the flu.
Since this flu season started October 1, an estimated 24,000 to 62,000 Americans have died from the flu, according to CDC. Nationwide, the flu has infected at least 39 million people between October and early April. 
The first US case of coronavirus was reported in January, and the first US death from coronavirus was reported in late February. By April 16, the US had more than 639,600 cases of coronavirus, and more than 30,900 people have died.
There are important factors to consider when comparing the flu vs. coronavirus: 

The CDC estimates for the flu go back to October 2019. But the first US case of coronavirus didn't emerge until several months later.
Coronavirus is twice as contagious as the flu. Research indicates a person with the flu infects an average of 1.28 other people, CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said. But with coronavirus, 'it's likely between 2 and 3' other people.
Coronavirus infections have a 'very high mortality rate ' one in six ' among people who are over 80 and people with underlying chronic disease,' epidemiologist Dr. Abdul El-Sayed said. 
People with coronavirus might not get symptoms for 14 days, and some get no symptoms at all. But during that time, they're still contagious and can infect others unknowingly. 
A vaccine is available for the flu, but no vaccine is available for coronavirus. Experts say the number of flu deaths could be drastically reduced if more people got their flu shots. But about half of Americans don't get vaccinated, including most children who die from the flu.`Most coronavirus patients don't need to be hospitalized. 'The vast majority of people ' about 80% ' will do well without any specific intervention,' said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
Those patients should get plenty of rest, hydrate frequently and take fever-reducing medication.
'The current guidance ' and this may change ' is that if you have symptoms that are similar to the cold and the flu and these are mild symptoms to moderate symptoms, stay at home and try to manage them,' said Dr. Patrice Harris, president of the American Medical Association. 
But about 20% of coronavirus patients get advanced disease. 'Older patients and individuals who have underlying medical conditions or are immunocompromised should contact their physician early in the course of even mild illness,' the CDC says.
The CDC also says you should get immediate help if you have: 

Trouble breathing
Persistent pain or pressure in the chest
Sudden confusion 
Bluish lips or face

'This list is not all inclusive,' the CDC says. 'Please consult your medical provider for any other symptoms that are severe or concerning.'`'Generally coronaviruses survive for shorter periods of time at higher temperatures and higher humidity than in cooler or dryer environments. However, we don't have direct data for this virus, nor do we have direct data for a temperature-based cutoff for inactivation at this point,' the CDC says. 
'The necessary temperature would also be based on the materials of the surface, the environment, etc.'
President Donald Trump suggested this coronavirus could subside by the warmer summer months, but scientists say it's too early to tell. And the fact that coronavirus keeps spreading in the Southern Hemisphere during its summer months suggests this strain might not succumb to warmer temperatures. 
'The short answer is that while we may expect modest declines in the contagiousness of (novel coronavirus) in warmer, wetter weather '¦ it is not reasonable to expect these declines alone to slow transmission enough to make a big dent,' wrote Dr. Marc Lipsitch, director of the Center for Communicable Disease Dynamics at Harvard's T.H. Chan School of Public Health.`No, the water supply is not at risk.
'The COVID-19 virus has not been detected in drinking water,' the CDC says. 'Conventional water treatment methods that use filtration and disinfection, such as those in most municipal drinking water systems, should remove or inactivate the virus that causes COVID-19.'
So there's no need to hoard drinking water, said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Fauci said he and his wife are still drinking tap water.`The Harvard Medical School offers several tips, including: 

choosing a babysitter who has minimal exposures to other people besides your family
limiting the number of babysitters. If you can keep it to one, that's ideal. But if you need multple babysitters, keep the number as low as possible
making sure the babysitter understands he or she needs to practice social distancing and limits physical interaction with your children as much as possible
telling the babysitter that he or she must not come to your house if feeling even the slightest bit sick, or has had known exposure to coronavirus
making sure everyone washes their hands frequently throughout the day, especially before eating.`Yes. 
Research indicates a person with the flu infects about 1.28 other people, on average, CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said.
But with the novel coronavirus, he said, 'it's likely between 2 and 3' other people.`You can't, said Dr. James Phillips, chief of disaster and operational medicine at George Washington University Hospital.
'We're so far behind on testing, there's only one way we can be certain not to transmit the virus and be certain not to get it ourselves: We need to start treating every person as though they have this, ' Phillips said. 
'And everyone needs to treat us like we have it, and socially distance ourselves in that manner. Because until we have (enough) testing, we don't know who has this. And we're not sure when they start spreading it.' 
That's why it's so critical to avoid crowds, stay at least 6 feet away from others, wash or disinfect your hands, and stop touching your face.`With the shortage of coronavirus testing nationwide, it may be difficult to know whether your loved one has coronavirus or another illness.
                So it's critical to play it safe and not infect yourself and, in turn, others. The CDC suggests: 

Giving the sick person their own room to stay in, if possible. Keep the door closed.
Having only one person serve as the caretaker.
Asking the sick person to wear a face mask, if they are able to. If the mask causes breathing difficulties, then the caretaker should wear a mask instead.`Fever, dry cough and difficulty breathing are hallmarks of coronavirus. 
Symptoms may appear anywhere from 2 days to 2 weeks after exposure, the CDC says. But some people get no symptoms at all and can infect others without knowing it.
The illness varies in its severity, and many patients can recover at home in isolation.`It primarily spreads between people through respiratory droplets, like through coughs, sneezes, spittle. 
You can also get coronavirus by touching infected surfaces, then touching your mouth, eyes or nose.`'It may be possible that a person can get COVID-19 by touching a surface or object that has the virus on it and then touching their own mouth, nose, or possibly their eyes, but this is not thought to be the main way the virus spreads,' the CDC says. 
More often than not, people get coronavirus through respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes.
'These droplets can land in the mouths or noses of people who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the lungs,' the CDC says.`It varies. Decisions about when a person can be released from isolation are made on a case-by-case basis. 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued guidelines for when it is OK to release someone from isolation. They include meeting all of these requirements:  

The patient is free from fever without the use of fever-reducing medications.  
The patient is no longer showing symptoms, including cough.  
The patient has tested negative on at least two consecutive respiratory specimens collected at least 24 hours apart.

'Someone who has been released from isolation is not considered to pose a risk of infection to others,' the CDC says.
But for asymptomatic carriers who have no symptoms, the timeline is much more difficult to pinpoint.`It's virtually impossible to say for sure that you haven't been exposed to the virus. Some carriers of coronavirus don't have any symptoms. But they can still pass on the virus without knowing it. 
'We now know that asymptomatic transmission likely (plays) an important role in spreading this virus,' said Michael Osterholm, director of the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota.
He said it's 'absolutely clear' that asymptomatic infection 'surely can fuel a pandemic like this in a way that's going to make it very difficult to control.'
Read more: How can people spread coronavirus if they don't have any symptoms? 
Infectious disease experts say those older than 60 are at much higher risk of getting seriously ill if they're exposed to coronavirus.`The CDC says 'older adults' and people with serious chronic medical conditions 'are at higher risk of getting very sick from this illness.' 
Anyone over 60 and those with underlying health problems should try to avoid places with large crowds ' such as movie theaters, busy malls and even religious services, infectious disease experts say.
'This ought to be top of mind for people over 60, and those with underlying health problems,' said Dr. William Schaffner, a Vanderbilt University professor and longtime CDC adviser.
But why is age 60 often used as a threshold for those who need to be extra cautious?
'(The) average age of death for people from coronavirus is 80. Average age of people who need medical attention is age 60,' US Surgeon General Jerome Adams said. 
Read more about what adults 60 and older should do to prevent coronavirus.`'Younger people, thankfully, seem to be insulated to some extent to protect (them) from getting particularly sick from this,' said CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta. 'We don't know entirely why.'
But while children might have mild to no symptoms with coronavirus, they can still get others sick.
                'They can still carry the virus in their bodies,' Gupta said. 'They could potentially still shed the virus and be a source of infection.'
Like everyone else, children should wash their hands frequently for at least 20 seconds, stay at least 6 feet away from anyone coughing or sneezing, and stop touching their faces ' which is a lot harder than it sounds.`Long story short: There's not enough data yet, considering this coronavirus just emerged in humans a few months ago. 
Researchers 'do not have information from published scientific reports about susceptibility of pregnant women' to this coronavirus, the CDC says. 
'Adverse infant outcomes' like premature births have been reported among infants born to mothers who've tested positive for coronavirus during pregnancy, the CDC says. But it's not clear if these outcomes were related to maternal infection, so the risk is unknown.`Don't visit family members with suspected illness ' keep up with them virtually.
                If that loved one lives with you, limit contact with them and avoid using the same bathroom or bedroom, the CDC advises.
If they've been diagnosed, they may be able to recover at home in isolation. Separate yourself as much as possible from your infected family member and keep animals away, too. Continue to use separate restrooms and regularly disinfect them with EPA-approved products.
Stock up on groceries and household supplies for them while they can't travel outside and minimize trips to stores. Wash your hands frequently and avoid sharing personal items with the infected person.
If you suspect you're developing symptoms, stay home and call your physician.`'I would suggest wiping down external surfaces of canned or wrapped foods,' said Dr. Celine Gounder, an infectious disease specialist at Bellevue Hospital Center. 
'You should be washing your vegetables (and) produce anyway,' she said. 'But I think making sure you sanitize your hands, wash your hands after you do all that ' after you unpack all your groceries ' is also a key step.'`Yes, you can make both at home.
'Unexpired household bleach will be effective against coronaviruses when properly diluted' if you're trying to kill coronavirus on a non-porous surface, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. 
The CDC's recipe calls for diluting 5 tablespoons (or ' cup) of bleach per gallon of water, or 4 teaspoons of bleach per quart of water. 
You can also make your own hand sanitizer. The Nebraska Medical Center ' famous for its biocontainment unit and treatment of Ebola patients ' offers this recipe:
What you'll need:

2/3 cup 91% isopropyl alcohol (rubbing alcohol)
1/3 cup aloe vera gel
Mixing bowl
Spoon or something for whisking
Small container, such as a 3 oz. travel bottle
Optional: essential oil to give your hand sanitizer a fragrance

Directions:In a mixing bowl, stir isopropyl alcohol and aloe vera gel together until well blended.Add 8-10 drops of scented essential oil (optional, but nice). Stir.Pour the homemade hand sanitizer into an empty container and seal.Write 'hand sanitizer' on a piece of masking tape and attach to the bottle.`Yes, because a family member may suddenly have to quarantine. Just don't hoard more than you need because others need supplies, too. 
Harvard Medical School recommends keeping a two-week to 30-day supply of nonperishable food at home. And if you don't use them now, they may come in handy for power outages or extreme weather. 
It's also a good idea to keep at least a 30-day supply of prescription medications you may need, though it can be difficult to get them early. Consider mail-ordering medications.`If you rely on public transportation, use caution. If you're sick or live in an area where an outbreak has been reported, avoid it. 
Mass transit could increase your risk of exposure to coronavirus. Luckily, transit systems are upping their cleaning regimens ' notably the New York subway system. 
Dr. Robyn Gershon, a professor of epidemiology at New York University's School of Public Health, has some tips: When you ride a bus or subway, sneeze or cough into your elbow. Use a tissue to hold onto a pole. Avoid touching your face while you're riding, and use hand sanitizer if you have it while you're commuting. 
Again, wash your hands before, during and after your trip. 
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo recommends letting crowded trains or buses pass and waiting for a less crowded one. It's nearly impossible to maintain 6 feet of distance on a packed subway car. 
If you have a chronic illness, find alternative means of transportation ' being in a crowded subway car or bus will significantly increase your risk of infection.`Both rideshare companies said they're actively trying to protect customers and drivers from coronavirus.
Uber said it is trying to give drivers with disinfectants to help keep their cars clean, and the company 'may temporarily suspend the accounts of riders or drivers confirmed to have contracted or been exposed to COVID-19.'
Lyft announced a similar policy: 'If we are notified of a rider or driver testing positive for COVID-19, they will be temporarily suspended from using Lyft until they are medically cleared.'
Both Lyft and Uber also said they will protect drivers financially if they are asked to isolate themselves. 
'Any driver or delivery person who is diagnosed with COVID-19 or is individually asked to self-isolate by a public health authority will receive financial assistance for up to 14 days while their account is on hold,' Uber said. 
'We've already helped drivers in some affected areas, and we're working to quickly implement this worldwide.'`States have received guidance from the CDC on how to keep voting locations clean. It's up to you whether you feel comfortable going. 
Many states that already held elections imposed measures to reduce contact between voters, increasing the distance between voting booths and rigorously disinfecting voting equipment. But if you go, remember ' wash your hands before, during and afterward. 
If you're able to mail in your ballot, do ' just don't lick the envelope. 
If you think you have a fever or respiratory symptoms, the CDC advises that you stay home. It's unfortunate to skip out on your civic duty, but sick people shouldn't visit crowded locations.`If you can, you should stay home from work when you're sick, whether or not you have coronavirus.
Many companies are increasingly flexible with work from home policies.  If your company is allowing employees to work from home, consider it. Some companies have enforced working from home. 
If you must go into work, maintain 6 feet of distance from your colleagues, wash your hands frequently and practice good respiratory etiquette by coughing or sneezing into your elbow.
Avoid handshakes, switch in-person meetings to teleconferences and disinfect your workspace with EPA-approved products at the start of your shift.`An employee can be fired if they don't show up to work and they don't have sick leave that would cover the absence, says Krista Slosburg, an employment attorney at Stokes Lawrence in Seattle.  
But there are exceptions.
Employers that make workers with coronavirus come in may be violating Occupational Safety and Health Administration [OSHA] regulations, according to Donna Ballman, who heads an employee advocacy law firm in Florida.`If you work in a city or state that requires sick leave and you use it, you can't be terminated or disciplined. 
But there is no federal mandate that requires companies to offer paid sick leave, and almost a quarter of all US workers don't get it, according to 2019 government data. Some state and local governments have passed laws that require companies to offer paid sick leave.
The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) can sometimes protect a worker's job in the event they get sick, but it won't guarantee they get paid while they're out. 
Employee advocates urge businesses to consider the special circumstances of the coronavirus, and some already have. Uber and Olive Garden are two that recently updated their sick leave policies to adjust to the pandemic.`Yes, managers can. 
The Society for Human Resource Management recommends companies 'actively encourage sick employees to stay home, send symptomatic employees home until they are able to return to work safely, and require employees returning from high-risk areas to telework during the incubation period [of 14 days].'
If a manager feels an employee's illness poses a direct threat to colleagues' safety, the manager may be able to insist the employee be evaluated by a doctor, said Alka Ramchandani-Raj, an attorney specializing in workplace safety.`Many countries have enacted temporary restrictions on their entry policies.
These wide-ranging restrictions affect travelers from around the world, so check ahead before making plans. You can learn more about current restrictions in this CNN article.`It's not the cabin air you need to worry about. It's keeping your hands clean. 
Always be mindful of where your hands have been, travel medicine specialist Dr. Richard Dawood said. 
Airport handrails, door handles and airplane lavatory levers are notoriously dirty. 
'It is OK to touch these things as long as you then wash or sanitize your hands before contaminating your face, touching or handling food,' Dawood said. 
'Hand sanitizers are great. So are antiseptic hand wipes, which you can also use to wipe down armrests, remote controls at your seat and your tray table.'`Most viruses don't spread easily on airplanes because of how the air circulates and is filtered, the CDC says. 
Modern commercial jets recirculate 10-50% of the air in the cabin, mixed with outside air. 
                'The recirculated air passes through a series of filters 20-30 times per hour,' the CDC says. 
'Furthermore, air generally circulates in defined areas within the aircraft, thus limiting the radius of distribution of pathogens spread by small-particle aerosols. As a result, the cabin air environment is not conducive to the spread of most infectious diseases.'
Still, try to avoid contact with anyone sneezing or coughing. And if you're feeling sick, cover your entire mouth and nose with the inside of your elbow when you cough or sneeze.`'US citizens, particularly travelers with underlying health conditions, should not travel by cruise ship,' the US Department of State says. 
Cruise ship passengers are at an increased risk of infection, the CDC says. The virus spreads more easily between passengers in tight quarters. 
Several cruise ships have been linked to coronavirus, including the Diamond Princess, where more than 700 people were infected. Half of those infected didn't have symptoms when they tested positive. At least seven of those patients have died. 
Since the coronavirus outbreak started, some cruise lines have implemented more flexible rebooking or cancellation policies.`People who are immunocompromised 'are at higher risk from this illness, as well as other illnesses like the flu. Avoiding contact with ill people is crucial,' Washington state's Snohomish Health District said. 
'While rates of infection may not differ significantly between healthy and immunocompromised travelers, the latter are at greater risk for severe disease,' according to researchers from the Washington University School of Medicine.`Top healthcare officials say the US does not have enough stockpiled medical equipment like masks, gowns and gloves to meet the anticipated need as this pandemic grows.
There are several reasons hospitals are on track to face dire shortages, said Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious disease expert and professor at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. 
'About 20 or 30 years ago, we decided that we would not over-hospitalize,' Schaffner said.
Back then, hospitals often had empty hospital beds for new patients. But now, many hospitals are 'absolutely full,' Schaffner said. 'We have under-built hospital beds because they are very expensive.'
Also, Americans have grown accustomed to 'just-in-time' ordering. But that becomes a huge problem when international supply chains are disrupted by an outbreak. 'We didn't anticipate international turbulence influencing this,' Schaffner said.
Now, some health care workers are making their own masks. They've also been told they can use bandanas or scarves as masks.`There's currently no cure for the novel coronavirus. And while research is underway, it could be more than a year before a vaccine becomes publicly available.`An antiviral drug must be able to target the specific part of a virus's life cycle that is necessary for it to reproduce, according to Harvard Medical School.
'In addition, an antiviral drug must be able to kill a virus without killing the human cell it occupies. And viruses are highly adaptive.'`Stay home. Call your doctor to talk about your symptoms and let them know you're coming for an appointment so they can prepare for your visit, the CDC says. 
Only a Covid-19 test can diagnose you with the virus, but if you suspect you have it, isolate yourself at home. 
Many patients with coronavirus are able to recover at home. If you've been diagnosed and your illness is worsening, seek medical attention promptly. You may need to be monitored in a hospital. 
Ask your physician to call the local or state health department, too, so they're aware that you're being monitored for the virus.`Stay at least 6 feet away from others, and wash your hands often.
The best way to kill germs is by scrubbing your hands with soap and water for 20 seconds. Do this frequently before, during and after you visit a public place or have contact with people. 
When soap isn't available, use a hand sanitizer. Rub the sanitizer around your hands until it's dry. 
Stay home as much as possible and limit your contact with people.`No. Those products work on surfaces but can be dangerous to your body. 
There are some chemical disinfectants, including bleach, 75% ethanol, peracetic acid and chloroform, that may kill the virus on surfaces. 
But if the virus is already in your body, putting those substances on your skin or under your nose won't kill it, the World Health Organization says. Not to mention, those chemicals can harm you. 
And please ' do not ingest chemical disinfectants.`There's no evidence from the outbreak that eating garlic, sipping water every 15 minutes or taking vitamin C will protect people from the new coronavirus. Same goes for using essential oils, colloidal silver and steroids.`Absolutely. The vast majority of people with coronavirus survive. 
The director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases has estimated the death rate is 'about 2%.'`'It takes anything up to six weeks to recover from this disease,' said Dr. Michael Ryan of the World Health Organization. 
'People who suffer very severe illness can take months to recover from the illness.'
Recovery is often marked by a patient no longer showing symptoms and having two consecutive negative tests at least one day apart, Ryan said. But there is no known cure for the novel coronavirus.`Some people with coronavirus have mild or no symptoms. And in some cases, symptoms don't appear until up to 14 days after infection. 
During that incubation period, it's possible to get coronavirus from someone with no symptoms. It's also possible you may have coronavirus without feeling sick and are accidentally infecting others. 
So anyone who has had close contact with someone known to have coronavirus should ask a health care provider about getting tested, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.`Experts say it's due to cuts in federal funding for public health and problems with early testing. 
Problems with public health infrastructure Two years ago, the CDC stopped funding epidemic prevention activities in 39 countries, including China. This happened because the Trump administration refused to allocate money to a program that started during the 2014 Ebola outbreak. 
Former CDC director Dr. Tom Frieden warned that move 'would significantly increase the chance an epidemic will spread without our knowledge and endanger lives in our country and around the world.'
Problems with the testing Malfunctions, shortages and delays in availability have all contributed to the slowdown. 
In the first few weeks of the outbreak in the US, the CDC was the only facility in the country that could confirm test results ' even though a World Health Organization test became available around the same time. 
Some test kits that were sent around the country were flawed ' a move that put the US behind about 'four to five weeks,' says Dr. Rob Davidson, executive director of the Committee to Protect Medicare.`No, antibiotics are not effective against coronavirus because the disease is a viral infection, not a bacterial infection. 
'However, if you are hospitalized for the [coronavirus], you may receive antibiotics because bacterial co-infection is possible,' the World Health Organization says. 
There is no known cure for the coronavirus. Researchers are studying whether the antiviral drug remdesivir might work, but testing of that drug just started.
For now, coronavirus patients get 'supportive' treatment, 'which means giving fluids, medicine to reduce fever, and, in severe cases, supplemental oxygen,' the Harvard Medical School says.`No. There are some interesting coincidences in the 1981 fiction novel, which says 'a severe pneumonia-like illness will spread around the globe' around the year 2020. Modern editions of the book call the biological strain 'Wuhan-400,' and the current coronavirus outbreak started in Wuhan, China.
But there are important differences between the book and reality. The original version of the book called the strain the 'Gorki-400,' in reference to a Russian locality, before it was later changed to the 'Wuhan-400.' In the book, the virus was man-made, while scientists believe the novel coronavirus started in animals and jumped to humans. And in the book, the virus had a 100% mortality rate. Early estimates of the mortality rate for this coronavirus outbreak range from 2-4%.`Hand dryers can't kill the virus, according to WHO. The organization also says that UV lamps shouldn't be used to sterilize hands or other areas of the body because the radiation can irritate skin.
Drinking hot water or taking hot baths won't kill it, either.`There's no evidence from the outbreak that eating garlic, sipping water every 15 minutes or taking vitamin C will protect people from the new coronavirus. Same goes for using essential oils, colloidal silver and steroids.
Some posts have suggested that putting sesame oil on your body or spraying yourself with alcohol or chlorine will kill the virus. That's also false.`No. 'The new coronavirus cannot be transmitted through goods manufactured in China or any country reporting Covid-19 cases,' the World Health Organization says. 
'Even though the new coronavirus can stay on surfaces for a few hours or up to several days (depending on the type of surface), it is very unlikely that the virus will persist on a surface after being moved, travelled, and exposed to different conditions and temperatures,' WHO said. 
Again, the best ways to prevent transmission is to stay 6 feet away from others, thoroughly wash your hands, and disinfect surfaces with EPA-approved products.``